Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	Martin Scorsese's Les Miserables.	October 25, 2019
Joshua Brown	rotten	London Review of Books	Gangs of New York is to Fernando Wood's Manhattan what Fellini's Satyricon is to Nero's Rome, with a touch of Monty Python filth on the faces and clothes.	June 27, 2019
PJ Nabarro	fresh	Patrick Nabarro	You simply have to applaud the magnitude and ambition of Scorsese's vision - it really is New York conceived of on a grand scale.	March 16, 2019
Namrata Joshi	fresh	Outlook	One of the most provocative films from Hollywood in recent times.	January 4, 2019
Eileen Jones	rotten	The eXile	Gangs of New York is one of those haunting failures. I can't get over it; it still gives me a pang every time I think of it. It seemed so filled with potential.	October 31, 2018
Amy Taubin	fresh	Film Comment Magazine	It's a punishing piece of work, this Gangs of New York. Spectacular, brilliant, but punishing-basically, one long brawl...	April 10, 2018
Barbara Ellen	rotten	Times (UK)	The visuals are strong, while the central narrative is weak (a disastrous combination for a long movie). Worst of all, Gangs of New York achieves far too little while trying much too hard.	January 2, 2018
S. James Wegg	fresh	JWR	Scorsese scores some fine political points along the way and demonstrates the mastery of his craft in every scene, but the underlying theme of brutal revenge at any cost loses its way too early on...	March 2, 2012
Nell Minow	fresh	Common Sense Media	Brilliant but devastating. High schoolers and up.	December 24, 2010
Emanuel Levy	rotten	EmanuelLevy.Com	One of Scorsese's weakest films, a wannabe historical epic that's essentially a formulaic revenge saga, lacking unified vision and style. The only reason to see it is Daniel Day-Lewis' vividly compelling performance as Bill the Butcher.	November 23, 2010
Philip French	fresh	Observer (UK)	[A] flawed masterpiece.	February 3, 2010
Michael Dequina	fresh	TheMovieReport.com	The whole may not add up to the sum of its parts, but it's difficult to dismiss the brilliance of those parts.	February 18, 2009
Urban Cinefile Critics	fresh	Urban Cinefile	It's a story of such relevance to New York, to America and even to the rest of the world, that just had to be told on film with as much impact as a filmmaker can muster. And Martin Scorsese musters much.	October 18, 2008
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	The impact is all in the broad strokes of Scorsese's design: the corresponding coming-of-age stories of three confused and violent adolescents: Amsterdam Vallon, New York City, and America. [Blu-Ray]	June 30, 2008
Rob Gonsalves	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	Why did Scorsese spend three decades thirsting to make this movie? It's nowhere clear on the screen.	February 13, 2008
Joe Lozito	rotten	Big Picture Big Sound	Gangs becomes a standard revenge opus. And a long one at that.	July 14, 2007
Jason Zingale	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	It's a story of violence, revenge, racial intolerance and class struggle, and it's a story told extremely well.	November 29, 2006
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Combustible Celluloid	Martin Scorseses dream project finally explodes on the screen after years of planning and another year of delays.	May 26, 2006
Time Out	fresh	Time Out	It's never less than compelling, driven by an overwhelming, larger than life performance from Day-Lewis and by Scorsese's grandiose historical imagination.	February 9, 2006
Jeffrey Overstreet	fresh	Looking Closer	Day-Lewis's sneering, roaring, monstrous performance as the Butcher will remind you of the seemingly superhuman work Robert DeNiro performed in his prime.	December 6, 2004
Steve Crum	fresh	Kansas City Kansan	It is unrelentingly gritty and tense.	October 14, 2004
Daniel Kasman	fresh	d+kaz. intelligent movie reviews		August 7, 2004
Judith Egerton	fresh	Courier-Journal (Louisville, KY)	Daniel Day-Lewis' magnetic portrayal of a 19th-century ganglord who butchered his enemies as readily as he carved up a freshly killed hog.	June 23, 2004
Rob Nelson	fresh	City Pages, Minneapolis/St. Paul	Gangs is Scorsese's impassioned, elegiac portrait of a time when blows were delivered with fists, bats, and blades rather than airplanes, anthrax, or keyboard strokes; it's his look back at a lost world, his urban western.	May 19, 2004
Dan Jardine	fresh	Apollo Guide	It will be a film that, in decades hence, will only grow in stature and importance.	March 16, 2004
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	Gangs of New York is a very good film striving desperately to be great.	January 6, 2004
Ed Colley	rotten	Future Movies UK	Martin Scorsese has landed back onto UK cinema screens with a resoundingly hollow thump.	November 6, 2003
David Foucher	rotten	EDGE Boston	Martin Scorcese delivers an enormous blowout of a film, a biopic of New York in the 1800s... but it's too much bombast and far too loose.	October 7, 2003
Nick Rogers	fresh	The Film Yap	Gangs' editing, suspense, and overall visual style all are evocative of classic Scorsese greats, but rarely has the filmmaker's thematic eye been so carefully trained.	June 26, 2003
John J. Puccio	fresh	Movie Metropolis	...beautifully photographed, vividly presented, brutally engaging.	June 20, 2003
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	At turns brilliant and ponderous, luminous and drab, this is the type of ethereal feast only America's greatest living director could attempt.	June 19, 2003
Todd Gilchrist	fresh	FilmStew.com	Gangs Of New York is a magnificent film, and is challengingly about more than the sum of its' parts.	June 11, 2003
Wesley Lovell	rotten	Cinema Sight	A disappointing entry in the Scorsese canon.	June 8, 2003
Jim Shelby	fresh	Palo Alto Weekly		May 20, 2003
Andrea Chase	rotten	Killer Movie Reviews	A feast for the eyes and a history buff's dream, but not a cinephile's.	April 5, 2003
Karina Montgomery	rotten	Cinerina	If Scorcese hadn't directed it, no one would even pretend to like it.	March 17, 2003
Enrique Buchichio	fresh	Uruguay Total	(...) Sera otra pelcula, quiz no menos interesante pero s menos hipntica, si no fuera por Daniel Day-Lewis.	March 11, 2003
Sandra Hall	rotten	Sydney Morning Herald	n the end, you're left feeling that Scorsese has put on a great show. As to what he means by it, I doubt he knows.	March 7, 2003
Kit Bowen	fresh	Hollywood.com	A gritty and epic history lesson about one of the most notorious cities in the world--you may have to take notes for the test afterwards.	February 17, 2003
Shannon J. Harvey	fresh	Sunday Times (Australia)	If Scorsese ever puts out a director's cut, that will be the film to watch. . .	February 17, 2003
Tom Grealis	fresh	RT (Ireland)	Welcome as it is to see Scorsese (somewhat) back in the groove, it's even more welcome to see Day-Lewis burning up the screen once again after a five-year absence.	February 13, 2003
James Rocchi	fresh	Netflix	Scorsese's New York tale is a curiously cramped epic, roaring with blood and thunder -- but with nothing to say.	February 11, 2003
Garth Franklin	fresh	Dark Horizons		February 9, 2003
Luis Martinez	fresh	Cinenganos	Gangs of NY es enorme, no slo en su colosal y ambiciosa produccin, sino tambin en su pica y en la brillante incorporacin de elementos clsicos de la narrativa universal.	February 8, 2003
Pablo Villaa	rotten	Cinema em Cena	Martin Scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo, mas emocionalmente frio.	February 7, 2003
Angie Errigo	fresh	Empire Magazine	An ironic, emotional, gory revision of the American Experiment, marred by narrative problems but sufficiently awesome in its ambitious scale and intentions to rate as a must-see.	February 2, 2003
David Keyes	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	As you watch it unfold, you find yourself understanding exactly why the man behind the camera remains such a significant influence in modern cinema. This isn't just a movie you watch, after all, but one you experience.	January 31, 2003
Blake Davis	fresh	KFOR Channel 4 News	A great big, sprawling mess of a movie that depicts a melting pot not of hopes and dreams, but of vicious differences that clash and butt up against one another.	January 29, 2003
Jorge Avila Andrade	fresh	Moviola	'Visceral, salvaje, visualmente arrebatadora y con una historia que atrapa, Pandillas de Nueva York es un nuevo triunfo en la carrera de uno de los grandes genios incomprendidos del cine.'	January 27, 2003
Mark Palermo	fresh	The Coast (Halifax, Nova Scotia)	It's only because Scorsese serves a lavishly enthralling revenge thriller to cover his thematic hollowness that the film works.	January 22, 2003
Josh Gilchrist	rotten	Billings Outpost (Montana)	Scorsese needs to be satisfied with his place as one of the most talented filmmakers instead of worrying about accolades he hasn't received.	January 21, 2003
Peter Bradshaw	fresh	Guardian	Wonderful spectacle, terrific acting and toweringly great film-making.	January 20, 2003
Josef Braun	fresh	Vue Weekly (Edmonton, Alberta)	It brings a brute freshness to the Hollywood epic and confirms Scorsese's abilities as a master storyteller, a director capable of managing both scale and precision, spectacle and depth.	January 19, 2003
Andrew Sarris	fresh	Observer	The result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything Mr. Scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall.	January 16, 2003
Peter Rainer	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	What we're left with has the patness of a history lesson about our roots and the melting pot and what it means to be an American.	January 16, 2003
FilmFour.com	fresh	FilmFour.com	Only lightly scarred by its troublesome post-production, Scorsese's historical epic triumphs, moving seamlessly from intimate characterisation to a grand stage of riot, corruption and murder.	January 16, 2003
Dan Marcucci and Nancy Serougi	fresh	Broomfield Enterprise	The best part about "Gangs" was Daniel Day-Lewis.	January 14, 2003
David Ansen	rotten	Newsweek	You have to honor its mad ambition. But sadly, it feels like a dream too long deferred.	January 14, 2003
Ian Mantgani	fresh	UK Critic	After all the expectation, it is surprising how absorbing "Gangs of New York" is as a playing movie, rather than an event or a mark in the evolution of Scorsese's career.	January 13, 2003
Richard Corliss	fresh	TIME Magazine	Scorsese's congested, conflicted, entrancing achievement.	January 13, 2003
Jules Brenner	fresh	Cinema Signals	"Less is more" is not a thought that seems to enter the Scorcese framework.	January 13, 2003
Matthew Turner	fresh	ViewLondon	Scorsese's long-awaited epic is ultimately disappointing -- it's messy, much too long and incredibly violent, but worth seeing for a staggering performance by Daniel Day-Lewis.	January 11, 2003
Maitland McDonagh	rotten	TV Guide	Epic, meticulously researched and ultimately disappointing.	January 10, 2003
Nick Davis	rotten	Nick's Flick Picks	One decision Gangs of New York can never quite make is whether its primary disposition is toward punctilious social history or operatic amplifications of reality.	January 10, 2003
Bruce Bennett	fresh	Spectrum (St. George, Utah)	This is Scorsese so with the great vision we also must take muddled plot developments, heroes we don't cheer for and romance without soul.	January 10, 2003
Jonathan R. Perry	fresh	Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)	The greatest living American filmmaker returns to form in a triumph of raw cinematic power.	January 9, 2003
Rob Vaux	rotten	Flipside Movie Emporium	...a big, baggy, sprawling carnival of a movie, stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason.	January 9, 2003
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart.	January 9, 2003
Ross Anthony	fresh	Hollywood Report Card	Just as Day works his mojo to hide these flaws, so does Scorcese with a strong fiery visual style, driving pace, passionate characters and a simple unabashed belief that this film is to be awesome. You will almost believe it's awesome too.	January 8, 2003
Rich Cline	fresh	Film Threat	This is a spacious, robust movie that grabs hold of us and doesn't let go for nearly three hours.	January 7, 2003
Joe Leydon	fresh	The Moving Picture Show	A blood-and-thunder American epic, audacious in its ambition and awesome in its achievement.	January 6, 2003
Matt Easterbrook	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	I'm going out on a limb and predicting that Gangs Of New York will win best picture, best director, and a boatload full of other Oscars come late March. Not because it deserves all of them, but, as is the case with so many other Oscar-winning movi	January 6, 2003
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Scorsese's film is a real epic, and it's clear that the director has a passion for the subject.	January 3, 2003
Ray Greene	rotten	Boxoffice Magazine	It's hard to imagine that the young Scorsese, a daring and innovative film stylist, would have settled for such a sodden and blandly archetypal treatment of such incendiary material.	January 3, 2003
Christopher Smith	rotten	Bangor Daily News (Maine)	Scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about.	January 3, 2003
Jim Lane	rotten	Sacramento News & Review	Apart from the scenes of brawling and violence, Scorsese's energy flags; he and his writers neglect to populate these muddy mean streets with vivid characters; nor is there a compelling story, and the dialogue is portentous and magniloquent.	January 2, 2003
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	Even if you don't believe that "America was born in the streets," it's a great yarn just the same.	December 31, 2002
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	"Gangs of New York" falls short of the mark of such greats by the director as "Raging Bull" and "The Age of Innocence"	December 31, 2002
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	It's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film.	December 30, 2002
Alex Sandell	fresh	Juicy Cerebellum	This is Scorsese's finest work, and one of the best films of 2002.	December 30, 2002
Ken Hanke	fresh	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	Gangs of New York is, quite honestly, nothing short of a masterpiece %u2013 a big, sprawling epic of a film with a recognizable yet extremely complex human center.	December 29, 2002
Steve Rhodes	rotten	Internet Reviews	The movie is so over the top and silly, that you'll find yourself thinking of the sets as a prototype for a new Gangland area of Disneyland.	December 29, 2002
Kamal  'The Diva' Larsuel	rotten	3BlackChicks Review	Gangs didn't really live up to the hype.	December 29, 2002
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	Epic in virtually every sense of the word, the film is nonetheless slow and awkward in telling its revenge story	December 29, 2002
Donald J. Levit	fresh	ReelTalk Movie Reviews	Entertainment in the grand if bloody style -- and the performance of Day-Lewis alone makes this film worth the effort.	December 29, 2002
Michael W. Phillips, Jr.	fresh	Goatdog's Movies	Daniel Day-Lewis gives a performance that can only be called magesterial.	December 29, 2002
Scott A. Mantz	fresh	Scott Mantz' Movie Reviews	For all its grandeur, Gangs is still missing something.	December 27, 2002
David Edelstein	fresh	Slate	It's a magnificent achievement -- holes, tatters, crudities, screw-ups, and all.	December 27, 2002
Joshua Tyler	rotten	CinemaBlend	Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess, whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up.	December 26, 2002
Jimmy O	fresh	Film Snobs	A brilliant film that allows Scorcese to explore the roots of the conflict in his other films.	December 26, 2002
Marty Mapes	fresh	Movie Habit	Add these pieces together and the sum is something amazing: a living, breathing, bleeding portrait of old New York, as colorful and violent as the old west.	December 25, 2002
Paul Salfen	rotten	Supercala.com	It's a shame, really. I was looking forward to this one.	December 24, 2002
Steven Snyder	fresh	Zertinet Movies	There is something heartbreaking about my final conclusion. "Gangs of New York" could have been brilliant. The way it stands now, it is a towering accomplishment, albeit a bit watered down and, tragically, unfocused.	December 24, 2002
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Despite some reservations, however, the movie never lost my interest, and I consider it to be worth a trip to a theater to see.	December 24, 2002
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	Decent Films Guide	I’m not convinced that there’s anything more at the center of the finished picture than the director's own interest in the subject matter.	December 24, 2002
Gabriel Shanks	fresh	Mixed Reviews	A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be.	December 23, 2002
Michael Szymanski	fresh	Zap2it.com	Take a handful of good-looking actors and dirty them up, add an epic-loving story-telling director and an intriguing revenge-filled story and "Gangs of New York" is the most entertaining movie of the year.	December 23, 2002
Eric D. Snider	fresh	EricDSnider.com	Gangs of New York offers technical proficiency and narrative mediocrity.	December 23, 2002
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denver Rocky Mountain News	Gangs can be riveting, but for all its violence, it fails to land a knockout blow.	December 23, 2002
Jeffrey Chen	rotten	Window to the Movies	Without a strongly-told story, Gangs of New York feels more like an over-stuffed history lesson.	December 23, 2002
Peter Keough	rotten	Boston Phoenix	[Scorsese has] mounted a decadent diversion, a compromised, bloated comic strip that suggests his age of movie innocence is over.	December 23, 2002
Marshall Fine	fresh	Journal News (Westchester, NY)	A rousing, robust and thought-provoking history lesson disguised as an epic piece of entertainment.	December 23, 2002
Marjorie Baumgarten	fresh	Austin Chronicle	Until the director's cut comes along one day, Gangs of New York represents the best Scorsese we've seen in a decade.	December 23, 2002
Rebecca Murray	fresh	About.com	Daniel Day-Lewis is seemingly possessed by his character, Bill the Butcher. His imposing presence onscreen overshadows every other actor, consuming the screen and reducing all other characters to mere side notes.	December 23, 2002
Jonathan Rosenbaum	fresh	Chicago Reader	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese's 168-minute Gangs of New York, I was entranced.	December 23, 2002
Kevin Fiddler	fresh	Henderson Home News (Henderson, NV)	Visually stunning, 'Gangs' one of the year's hottest tickets. Scorsese's years of vision will become etched in our hearts and minds for all time.	December 23, 2002
Gary Mairs	fresh	culturevulture.net	Scorsese's best fiction film since Goodfellas.	December 23, 2002
Mark R. Leeper	fresh	rec.arts.movies.reviews	Scorsese gives us an education in the history of crime and corruption in New York City.	December 23, 2002
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	...not quite the masterpiece we've been hoping for.	December 23, 2002
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	A stunning re-creation not only of period places but also of the period mindset.	December 23, 2002
James Sanford	fresh	James Sanford on Film	While Scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that "Gangs" is never lethargic, the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about.	December 22, 2002
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	When the film reaches and stretches its narrative boundaries and epic ambitious, it's about as powerful and awe-inspiring a film as has graced the screen this year, and this makes the flaws much, much easier to endure and overlook.	December 22, 2002
Nicolas Lacroix	fresh	Showbizz.net	Une fresque impressionnante par moments, qu'il faut voir pour le dbut et la fin, en pardonnant Scorsese pour le centre.	December 22, 2002
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	There's blood on the streets of New York. And we're not talking 2002.	December 22, 2002
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFilmFile.com	Gangs of New York is flawed and has several slow patches, and that is the bad news. The good news is that, on every other account, it is a remarkably ambitious and deeply powerful masterwork.	December 21, 2002
Kevin N. Laforest	fresh	Montreal Film Journal	There's too much great filmmaking for it not to be worth seeing, warts and all, but I can't help but feel this is a missed opportunity.	December 20, 2002
Forrest Hartman	fresh	Reno Gazette-Journal	If Gangs of New York isn't considered an immediate classic, it will be someday. Like Scorsese himself, this is the type of work that will only get better with age.	December 20, 2002
Michael O'Sullivan	fresh	Washington Post	Darkly operatic and brilliantly realized.	December 20, 2002
Stephen Hunter	rotten	Washington Post	It's as if [Scorsese] preferred to concentrate on the production ... rather than on the dramatic issues and, oh yeah, taking up the rear, the human beings who live them.	December 20, 2002
Mike Clark	fresh	USA Today	For all its lack of breathing room ... it realistically puts you into the Civil War North as much as Gone With the Wind does with the romantically idealized South.	December 20, 2002
Geoff Pevere	fresh	Toronto Star	A work of battered brilliance.	December 20, 2002
Todd Anthony	fresh	South Florida Sun-Sentinel	We expect filet mignon when we dine at Trattoria Scorsese. Gangs of New York is more like good hamburger.	December 20, 2002
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Bill the Butcher is a coiled monster with a guttural voice and a sharply thrown knife; Day-Lewis brings him to glittery, intense life.	December 20, 2002
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	The film is obviously an accomplished product from the hands of a master filmmaker at work.	December 20, 2002
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	I doubt I'll ever be able to look at a smirking fellow in old daguerreotype, with rolled-up sleeves and a mustache, and not think of Daniel Day-Lewis and all that vitality lost to time.	December 20, 2002
David Elliott	rotten	San Diego Union-Tribune	Everyone is a cutout, attached to simple idea balloons, though Scorsese shows a ripe, splurging love of the milieu.	December 20, 2002
Stephanie Zacharek	rotten	Salon.com	The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese. But it doesn't need Gangs of New York.	December 20, 2002
Joe Baltake	fresh	Sacramento Bee	A good film, but a letdown.	December 20, 2002
Jack Garner	fresh	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	A film that overflows with passion, artistry and vitality.	December 20, 2002
Tor Thorsen	fresh	Reel.com	It's a gruesome masterpiece, savage and majestic, unbearable and irresistible all at once.	December 20, 2002
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	Gangs, despite the gravity of its subject matter, is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western.	December 20, 2002
Shawn Levy	fresh	Oregonian	There is greatness in Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York: titanic acting, violent poetry, moviemaking on a grand scale, a real air of daring. And there is flab in it as well, and confusion.	December 20, 2002
John Anderson	rotten	Newsday	Gangs, for all its bloodletting, is the aberrant case of a movie that needed more violence to make its moral point.	December 20, 2002
Jonathan Foreman	fresh	New York Post	It vividly and energetically evokes a fascinating time and place that has never before been the subject of film, and presents a powerful if imperfectly coherent vision of urban politics at their most primal.	December 20, 2002
Glenn Whipp	fresh	Los Angeles Daily News	An endlessly fascinating, landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years.	December 20, 2002
Robert W. Butler	fresh	Kansas City Star	Its accomplishments are astounding, as are its flaws, but even its shortcomings are worn as proudly as scars from a bloody street battle.	December 20, 2002
Liz Braun	fresh	Jam! Movies	As wild and complex and as attractive as the city it celebrates.	December 20, 2002
Louis B. Hobson	fresh	Jam! Movies	Scorsese has rung frighteningly real performances from his large cast.	December 20, 2002
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	The story... ranges so widely that it sometimes gets away from Scorsese and his tag-team of strong screenwriters.	December 20, 2002
Eric Harrison	fresh	Houston Chronicle	As it is, the film is always watchable, occasionally riveting, but ultimately a disappointment.	December 20, 2002
Eric Lurio	fresh	Greenwich Village Gazette	The acting is extraordinary.	December 20, 2002
Rick Groen	rotten	Globe and Mail	The spasmodic spectacle fails to develop any narrative or visceral momentum -- it has no cumulative effect.	December 20, 2002
Lisa Schwarzbaum	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us.	December 20, 2002
E! Staff	rotten	E! Online	Wavers between being about the big picture and a character study -- only to get lost like so many huddled masses.	December 20, 2002
Susan Stark	fresh	Detroit News	A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail.	December 20, 2002
Jeff Vice	rotten	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	A film that suffers because of its many excesses.	December 20, 2002
Steven Rosen	fresh	Denver Post	Day-Lewis keeps you awake whenever the story loses steam during the film's 2 hours and 48 minutes.	December 20, 2002
Roger Ebert	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	All of this is a triumph for Scorsese, and yet I do not think this film is in the first rank of his masterpieces. It is very good but not great.	December 20, 2002
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	Like many operas, this is long, overwrought, sprawling, and more than frequently brilliant. It also hits just enough discordant notes to keep it from greatness.	December 20, 2002
Mark Ramsey	rotten	MovieJuice!	Daniel Day-Lewis sure looks dandy in his plaid pants. 'Add a set of Callaways and a green blazer, and I could win the Masters!'	December 20, 2002
Eleanor Ringel Cater	fresh	Atlanta Journal-Constitution	A fever-sprawl of a movie, a melting-pot panorama, brought to full boil.	December 20, 2002
Jon Niccum	fresh	Lawrence Journal-World	Gangs of New York starts out an epic and ends up an epic mess.	December 20, 2002
Chuck Rudolph	fresh	Slant Magazine	Never before has Scorsese been so willing to let his naked enthusiasm--his love not only for the history within the film and its characters but also the purity of cinema--reveal itself in all of its unabashed glory.	December 20, 2002
Bill Muller	rotten	Arizona Republic	fatally overlong, filled with haphazard history lessons and half-drawn conclusions, never jelling into a cohesive film or possessing the energy to move its great bulk forward.	December 20, 2002
Audrey Rock-Richardson	fresh	Tooele Transcript-Bulletin (Utah)	...brutally captures the manic cultural carnival of young New York City.	December 20, 2002
Cherryl Dawson and Leigh Ann Palone	rotten	TheMovieChicks.com	The movie's an epic, but that's just a nice way of saying it's boring and lasts forever.	December 20, 2002
Phil Villarreal	fresh	Arizona Daily Star	Despite its faults, Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing.	December 19, 2002
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	This overlong and bloated tableaux about corruption, politics, cultural clashes and personal revenge is impressive overall. Only when you return to the light of day do you realize the flaws that weigh down Scorsese's would-be epic.	December 19, 2002
William Arnold	fresh	Seattle Post-Intelligencer	It's something of the ultimate Scorsese film, with all the stomach-turning violence, colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas.	December 19, 2002
D.K. Holm	fresh	DVDTalk.com	If Scorsese has been brooding on the subject this long, The Gangs of New York should be a transcendent work.	December 19, 2002
A.O. Scott	fresh	New York Times	This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology, either liberal or conservative. Mr. Scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated.	December 19, 2002
Kenneth Turan	rotten	Los Angeles Times	The streets, shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus, may be as authentic as they are mean, but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them.	December 19, 2002
Duane Dudek	fresh	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	It's a beautifully mounted period piece whose highlight is a fire-breathing performance by Daniel Day-Lewis.	December 19, 2002
Eugene Novikov	fresh	Film Blather	One of the darkest visions of humanity I have ever seen.	December 19, 2002
Jeffrey Westhoff	fresh	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	Both flawed and delayed, Martin Scorcese's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas.	December 19, 2002
Terry Lawson	fresh	Detroit Free Press	Day-Lewis' larger-than-life Bill is one of the great characters of movies.	December 19, 2002
Brandon Judell	rotten	PopcornQ	If Gangs of New York was a musical, you'd leave the theater humming the sets.	December 19, 2002
Philip Wuntch	fresh	Dallas Morning News	The story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing, and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power.	December 19, 2002
Steven Rea	rotten	Philadelphia Inquirer	An elaborately worked-over opus that's as tarted-up and artificial as Scorsese's '70s classic Mean Streets was gritty and real.	December 19, 2002
Jay Boyar	rotten	Orlando Sentinel	A sprawling, rhythmless, exploitatively violent folly, studded with shallow characters.	December 19, 2002
Roger Moore	fresh	Orlando Sentinel	Missteps aside, this is moviemaking of real ambition.	December 19, 2002
Danny Minton	fresh	KBTV-NBC (Beaumont, TX)	Daniel Day-Lewis should start writing his Oscar acceptance speech right now.	December 19, 2002
Erik Childress	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Ironic how a film about the struggle for independence in America would succumb to a director losing his artistic freedom to recount it.	December 19, 2002
Rex Reed	rotten	Observer	Not bad enough to dismiss but too dense and boring to praise, let's just call Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York the year's longest and most expensive cinematic disappointment.	December 19, 2002
Chris Hewitt	rotten	St. Paul Pioneer Press	The 1860s New York sets in Gangs of New York are amazing. Too bad the dull characters keep blocking our view of them.	December 19, 2002
Rene Rodriguez	fresh	Miami Herald	At its best, the movie gives you a taste of the epic Scorsese intended, an epic that, sadly, will forever remain in the filmmaker's imagination.	December 19, 2002
Lawrence Toppman	fresh	Charlotte Observer	An operatic, sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted, magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length.	December 19, 2002
Glenn Lovell	rotten	San Jose Mercury News	A misfire of monstrous proportions, the worst large-scale epic since Michael Cimino's Heaven's Gate.	December 19, 2002
Mary F. Pols	fresh	Contra Costa Times	Scorsese's passionate and laudable intent is to show young America at its most elemental, boiling over with bigotry and resentments, free of the idealistic gloss our fiction often gives our history.	December 19, 2002
Paul Clinton (CNN.com)	fresh	CNN.com	Scorsese is at the peak of his powers.	December 19, 2002
Justin Hartung	fresh	Citysearch	Not surprisingly, director Martin Scorsese delivers an ambitious spectacle with jaw-dropping sets and bone-crunching battles.	December 19, 2002
Michael Wilmington	fresh	Chicago Tribune	A magnificent throwback to an almost vanished era of epic filmmaking by great filmmakers in thrall to their own passions, rather than to the studio bookkeepers.	December 19, 2002
Josh Larsen	fresh	Sun Publications (Chicago, IL)	Like New York during the 1863 riots, `Gangs' goes up in flames, leaving us with a broken vision of what could have been.	December 19, 2002
Brian J. Arthurs	fresh	Beach Reporter (Southern California)	He's at once terrifying, hilarious, honorable and vicious. It's a magnificent reminder of what a great actor Lewis is.	December 19, 2002
Walter Chaw	rotten	Film Freak Central	Beginning as Martin Scorsese's Apocalypse Now, by the end of the auteur's thirty-year dream of Gangs of New York, it more resembles his Titanic.	December 19, 2002
Spyder Darling	fresh	NY Rock	Gangs...could eat Charles Dickens' Oliver Twist for lunch and have the Artful Dodger turning tricks by sundown.	December 19, 2002
John Powers	rotten	L.A. Weekly	Aspires to be the great immigrant epic of the 19th century... It's a noble ambition, but Scorsese and his writers have saddled their dream with a corny plot.	December 19, 2002
John Venable	rotten	Supercala.com	To better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing, and I won't be sitting through this one again...that in itself is commentary enough.	December 18, 2002
JoBlo	rotten	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	There's no emotion in this movie. There's no real connection to the lead character.	December 18, 2002
Brian Webster	fresh	Apollo Guide	Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese; it's a memorable performance in a big, brassy, disturbing, unusual and highly successful film.	December 18, 2002
Harvey S. Karten	fresh	Compuserve	Who's it gonna be this year? Jack Nicholson or Daniel Day-Lewis?	December 18, 2002
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Even at a disturbing 168 minutes, the big, bold, bloody "Gangs" and its eloquently quiet ending likely will leave audiences with more goosebumps than scars.	December 18, 2002
Rob Blackwelder	fresh	SPLICEDWire	The tag line for this film is 'America was born in the streets,' and the dark, unspoken truth of that notion comes through quite definitively in Gangs.	December 18, 2002
Sean Burns	fresh	Philadelphia Weekly	You'd have to look back to Apocalypse Now to find a film on so grand a scale so warped by its creator's obsessions... Gangs is history written in blood.	December 18, 2002
Frank Swietek	fresh	One Guy's Opinion	A powerful, compelling and intelligent if imperfect work...a film of enormous ambition which realizes its aims more often than not.	December 17, 2002
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	Bill the Butcher is one of the most indelible characters in screen history and Day-Lewis can make one laugh out loud in admiration	December 17, 2002
Boo Allen	fresh	Denton Record-Chronicle	Scorsese recreates mid 19th century New York in this epic story of revenge that sports strange accents and bodacious mustaches.	December 17, 2002
J. Hoberman	rotten	Village Voice	A lavish folly that suffers from an odd downscale effect.	December 17, 2002
Kevin Lally	fresh	Film Journal International	A mightily impressive recreation of a fascinating piece of history.	December 17, 2002
Nev Pierce	fresh	BBC.com	A work of staggering ambition, grandeur and terrible beauty. In a word: majestic.	December 17, 2002
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinema Siren (YouTube)	Well voiced, multi-layered, fearless, gorgeous, and inventive.	August 5, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Three of the last four Pixar movies have been sequels. Perhaps the expectation that this original idea would be up to par with their excellent past was simply too lofty. Look at me, I feel something other than Joy, Sadness, Disgust, Anger or Fear.	July 30, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	Display(s) a keen understanding of childhood and its most precious joys and deepest fears, synthesizing them into something that is instantly relatable to children and adults alike.	July 5, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Film Frenzy	Inside Out's brainy script is matched both by its visual splendor, often invoking the spirit of Miyazaki, and its humanist reach, which extends to both family and (imaginary) friend alike.	June 20, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Stylecaster	Almost as if someone realized that kids were people too...Inside Out truly pushed the envelope when it comes to kiddy flicks.	June 19, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	One Room With A View	Inside Out lovingly explores the complex interplay of emotional turmoil with Pixar's apparently endless talent for innovation and visual design.	May 7, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	Inside Out should be required viewing for the parents of pre-teens, just as those embarrassing "What's Happening To Me?" books are must-reads for growing minds and bodies.	April 17, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	A beautiful film.	April 15, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Daily Times (Tennessee)	Honestly, casting is pretty spot-on across the board for the film.	January 29, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	An absolute joy... One of the best films to ever come out of Pixar's library.	January 23, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Tor.com	[W]hat sets this movie apart is its ability to thoroughly educate its audience via entertainment.	January 9, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Assignment X	Inside Out cleverly and gently deals with issues like the purpose of sorrow and what can be happening with clinical depression, all in the service of a colorful adventure story.	December 18, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Fresh Fiction	INSIDE OUT is an adventure that not only evokes laughter but teaches about the profundity of our human emotions.	December 14, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Ladue News	The film is smart, engaging and funny. It has all the standard tug-at-your-heartstring components of a Pixar film, along with a delightful dose of grown-up wit and charm.	November 2, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Alternative Lens	It's a film that will make you feel every emotion at one point or another (or perhaps all at once).	November 1, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinemole	It will take a heart of stone to remain unmoved by this movie.	October 31, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Fanboys of the Universe	Inside Out continues Pixar's tradition of turning the smallest of adventures into big entertainment.	October 31, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	What She Said	It's a big job to find peace again after you've been uprooted, but the film shows it is possible. Hats off to Pixar for yet another and even greater offering that stimulate, entertains and teaches us a thing or two.	August 30, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinematic Essential	Inside Out is a brilliant and touching film that shows Pixar has not lost its touch.	August 30, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Lagniappe (Mobile, AL)	"Inside Out" was creative, insightful, beautiful and moving, but it was not hilarious; indeed, it might have benefited from a few fart jokes, because it did fall victim somewhat to its own impeccable taste.	August 22, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Inside Out is the family film of the year. It's funny, innovative and intelligent in bringing to life those voices in your head: joy, sadness, fear, anger and disgust in 93 glorious minutes.	August 22, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Christian Century	The result is a visual delight and an animated marvel.	August 20, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	The American Conservative	A charming, vividly-imagined film with terrific comic timing. Its insights are sharp and its message accurate.	August 8, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Showbiz 411	Inside Out is a dazzling, creative film that will surely put [Peter] Docter and co. back in the Oscar race.	June 22, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Black Nerd Problems	Should you go see it? If you like Pixar movies, you'll like this one. It is beautifully rendered and rings true to a child's emotional life, and mine.	June 12, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Rappler	A triumphant repeat of themes and feelings we've all experienced before from previous Pixar flicks.	April 9, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	By the end of this film you will be in love with Sadness.	March 2, 2018
Michael Calleri	rotten	Sunday Times (UK)	It strains, it scuffles, it barely keeps the ball in the air. Like a desperate, ageing clown, the studio that made Toy Story, Monsters, Inc and Wall-E seems painfully aware that it must come up with something ever more dazzling.	February 14, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinencuentro	It made me want to be a kid again. [Full review in Spanish]	February 1, 2018
Michael Calleri	fresh	Flickering Myth	As funny as many children will find each of the voices inside Riley's head, both children and adults will come away mesmerized and filled with a sense of wonder of how our brain operates	December 3, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	It's full of colour and lovable characters and held together by an immaculately polished screenplay that is every bit as funny as it is moving. It also features some of the best voice performances you'll hear all year.	October 30, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	Lainey Gossip	... it's a children's film that won't have to be viewed through a lens of nostalgia, but one that can be re-engaged with on an entirely new level as an adult.	October 17, 2017
Michael Calleri	rotten	The Public (Buffalo)	Some viewers will probably be impressed that Inside Out contains a sequence that dramatizes the four stages of abstraction. But that doesn't make it a better movie.	October 11, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Monitor (McAllen, TX)	This is what Pixar is brilliant at: showing us animation with an emotionally honest story.	August 16, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	Inside Out is outstanding. Astonishing. Sensational.	June 27, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	Refinery29	The brilliance of Inside Out... is in the gentle, almost cheery way in which it celebrates sadness as a useful, hardworking, perfectly normal, and perfectly lovable aspect of how a girl grows up.	June 27, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	Polygon	It's rare to find media that's genuinely touching without being cloying. Yes, Inside Out is cute - but not distractingly so. Its laughs and tears are earned, in every frame.	June 5, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	SFist	This is a story about, very simply, one girl's happiness. And it turns out, that can be an extraordinary thing.	March 23, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	Film Inquiry	With originality, lively animation, and some powerful heart-strung moments, it will make you feel the same way as the five emotions in Riley's head, at least for a time (it's mostly Joy, though, by the end).	February 24, 2017
Michael Calleri	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	Niagara Falls, Frankie Angel.	July 14, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Coast (Halifax, Nova Scotia)	One of the most original things you'll see all season, and all year.	July 11, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Japan Times	"Inside Out" does what Pixar does best: It stimulates adult minds stiffened with age and alerts them to the brilliant possibilities of everyday life.	June 13, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	Inside Out, which is co-directed by Pete Docter and Ronaldo Del Carmen, may be [Pixar's] most inventive film yet.	June 10, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Epoch Times	Cartoon epistemology 101. Kids learn sadness is valid, and joy becomes sad too (bitter-sweetness). It's all good. 'Inside Out' is endearing, inventive, sensitive, and funny.	June 2, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Pixar has gone back to what it does best: Making characters you care about and want to stay with, who feel and act the way real people do.	May 24, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Aware of its own unrivalled mastery within animation filmmaking, Inside Out is a highly self-reflexive, daring and though-provoking feature, which provides a groundbreaking perspective on the narrative evolution within animation itself.	May 12, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	New Zealand Herald	It's nice to see a film that celebrates all the emotions, but still manages to be optimistic and uplifting. Inside Out is the full package, and will be one of the year's favourites.	May 6, 2016
Michael Calleri	rotten	Cinemixtape	The movie is frequently adorable. But it's liable to create more than a few existential crises in viewers entirely unprepared to handle them.	April 14, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	In the end we come to understand the essential role of sorrow in the human experience. It's a lesson seldom told in film - and never, in my estimation, with more grace and wit than here.	April 11, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	South China Morning Post	This spirited movie is a tour de force in bringing enchanting form to abstract ideas.	April 2, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cairo360	Inside Out is moving, quirky and silly and the writers seemed to have struck the perfect balance between cutesy and sombre in its storytelling.	March 30, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	Beautifully animated, clever, funny and emotionally moving, their latest offering is extremely complicated yet deceptively simple.	March 7, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Film Stage	It's amongst the smartest, funniest, and saddest films in the studio's history.	February 22, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Seanax.com	... a sharply insightful exploration of the complicated feelings of kids as a cartoon brainscan or an extended dream that turns the mind into an epic theme park ...	February 15, 2016
Michael Calleri	fresh	Schmoes Know	It's one of the most daunting and original ideas that Pixar has ever tackled, and they simply crushed it. Nothing but joy for "Inside Out".	December 11, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Schmoes Know	It's more than just a return to form for Pixar; "Inside Out" might be one the best films they've ever made.	December 11, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Big Issue	A melancholy minor masterpiece of dreamy originality, Inside Out is among Pixar's finest.	December 11, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	[Inside Out] converts complex concepts -- like memory, subconcious, dreams and imagination -- into a visual game, a psychology lesson for both children and adults.	December 11, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Missoula Independent	Inside Out is a smart, entertaining, compassionate film about the emotions that live in the mind and the sometimes painful process of leaving childish notions behind.	December 10, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinexcepcin	With Inside Out, Pixar is back on top: The reasons to celebrate are plenty. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinegarage	Inside Out could very well be, without realizing it, Pixar's most mature entries. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Time Out Mxico	With five characters, the filmmakers create a fun, fantastic and imagination-filled explanation of the mind's inner working. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Clarn	Inside Out's biggest accomplishment is being, first and foremost, a movie, and utilizing scientifically sound examples of how emotions are constructed. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Siete24.mx	A new Disney-Pixar classic is born, with colorful characters that represent out internal, emotion-filled world. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Sensacine	An absolutely delicious film, as tender as it is intelligent, shining and extremely beautiful. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	LaButaca.net	The script is tremendously complex, maybe the best -or at least the most elaborate- from John Lasseter's factory to date. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Excelsior	Once more, Disney-Pixar show their brightness, inteligence, vigor, entertainment and craftsmanship in each scene and sequence. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cdigo espagueti	Inside Out is a beautiful surprise that will surely bring out a furtive emotion out of you, a melancholic tear and the incredible feeling of being young again. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinetvymas.cl	Inside Out is, without a doubt, on the same level as Up and Wall-E as far as cinematography goes. A new classic is born. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Espinof	This is a film that, as I have said before, I consider to be perfect. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Espinof	Pixar's best movie to date. [Full Review in Spanish]	December 9, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Pixar has returned with their fifteenth feature, Inside Out, and I am happy... to inform you that they have evidently regained their magic touch and then some. Not only is it their best movie in years, it is one of their best period.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	HitFix	There's a great sense of invention to the way they've laid out the landscape of the mind here, and there are some sequences that are pure animation in a way that Pixar rarely gets to indulge in their features.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	BBC.com	In the first half of the film, I was being piloted by Confusion and Dissatisfaction. But by the end, Joy was very much in charge.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	leonardmaltin.com	[An] extraordinary and unprecedented film.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Scotsman	Along comes Inside Out to remind us of the jaw-dropping conceptual flights of fancy the animation studio [Pixar] is capable of pulling off.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Australian	Inside Out is designed and presented with the accustomed skill and invention that have been the hallmark of Pixar productions.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	I can't guarantee you will enjoy the same sweetly bonding experience with your own kids, and/or loved ones, but I can tell you with some certainty it will be one of the only films in the summer of 2015 that will even try to make the attempt.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Sun (UK)	Pixar is back doing what they do best, creating some of the most bold, beautiful and ridiculously feelgood cinema you can imagine, Inside Out is an absolute triumph.	December 8, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Nashville Scene	Let Inside Out in, and it will wipe the floor with you.	December 7, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Ex-Press.com	Disney Pixar takes a long walk down an infinite pier of personal identity in Inside Out, an animated tour of developmental psychology that captures the pain of growing up using primary colours and Amy Poehler's voice	November 15, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	Who are Joy, Sadness and the rest but the studio's animators, writers and other artists, excavating memories, implanting ideas and otherwise getting inside the moviegoer's head, to work the control board of the viewer's emotions with uncanny efficiency?	November 5, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Daily Beast	The most euphoric feel-bad movie of the summer.	October 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	WOW247	A dazzlingly inventive, brilliantly written and beautifully animated family comedy that's thought-provoking, laugh-out-loud funny and powerfully, profoundly moving.	October 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Vox	While Inside Out may not necessarily the most outright fun film Pixar has made, it is without a doubt the studio's best.	October 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Inside Out is as helpful as a session of therapy, and a lot more fun.	October 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Lawrence.com	A brilliantly visualized concept anchors Inside Out in a way that ensures it will resonate for years to come. Kudos to Pixar for again reminding us that animated entertainment can appeal to all ages and speak to universal truths.	October 7, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	What Culture	Pixar's not just back. They've returned with such incredible force it seems silly that we ever suggested they'd left.	September 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	SF Weekly	Say this for Disney-Pixar, it makes some pretty great entertainment out of processing formative experiences.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	Genius is an over-used and therefore devalued word, but Inside Out is what it looks like.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Daily Star (UK)	Like Pixar's best movies -- Up, Toy Story and Wall-E -- this blazingly original coming-of-age story achieves greatness by refusing to talk down to audiences of any size.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	International Business Times	Given the subject matter, Inside Out is undoubtedly the bravest story that Disney-Pixar have ever tackled together.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	NY1-TV	Overall, Inside Out is well worth seeing, offering up lots of food for thought.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Boston Herald	Your kids will probably enjoy the new Pixar film Inside Out. You may prefer to skip the 3-D premium ticket, take a nap and feed those little devils before you get them to the theater	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Times-Picayune	I'll add a message for Pixar's genius collective as a whole: Please don't stop stretching, reaching and pushing the boundaries of the art form.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	PopMatters	A charming mix of humor and heartbreak.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Verge	I hope its real, quite sophisticated lesson -- that it's okay to feel things other than happiness sometimes, and that all our emotions help us grow up -- comes through all the bouncing marbles and glitter showers and rainbow pony princesses.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Vanity Fair	With its quite literally cerebral bent, I think Inside Out might have some trouble fully connecting with younger kids, but grown-ups are likely to shed more than a few tears and give some knowing nods as this wistful little film plays out.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Winnipeg Free Press	Coming from Pixar, Inside Out has, by necessity, a more child-friendly premise. But that doesn't mean the film doesn't boast riches of complexity and nuance.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Fan The Fire	Pixar's latest is an unmissable treat.	August 31, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	MediaMikes	Like most PIXAR/Disney films, "Inside Out" is technically brilliant.	August 27, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinema em Cena	A produo tematicamente mais ambiciosa da filmografia da Pixar.	August 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Georgia Straight	[Inside Out] will equally enchant children and the Jung at heart, with an increasingly rapid pace and trippy CGI imagery that allow no time for quasi-Broadway songs.	August 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Scroll.in	There's little to complain about in a film that, despite its subject matter, plays out on the surface.	August 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Rip It Up	[Offers] a strikingly intricate and satisfying conceptualisation of a pre-teen's psyche, complete with a goofball humour area, an imaginary boyfriend machine, a dream studio and a sorrowful visit to the subconscious.	August 18, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Junkee	Inside Out is, along with Lars Von Trier's Melancholia, one of the most nuanced and elegant filmic depictions of depression I have ever seen. It's also, for my money, one of Pixar's finest films, if not their best.	August 14, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	Inside Out [is] a bold, gorgeous, sweet, funny, sometimes heartbreakingly sad, candy-colored adventure that deserves an Academy Award nomination for best picture.	August 14, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	Pixar's distressing run of watchable yet far-from-exceptional pictures continues with Inside Out...	August 14, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	GQ Magazine [UK]	Inside Out is most decidedly Pixar at its best.	August 12, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	Ladies and gentlemen, normal service has resumed. With the release of Inside Out, Pixar Studios is once again making masterpieces. I repeat, normal service has resumed.	August 11, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Some of the complexity will probably be lost on younger viewers, but the story itself is entertaining enough to keep the kids' attention.	August 5, 2015
Michael Calleri	rotten	Cinefantastique	Looks good only in comparison to its disappointing predecessors.	July 30, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Sight and Sound	The latest computer-animation feature from Disney Pixar, Inside Out is an epic journey across a fantastic landscape which also happens to be compellingly concerned with the quotidian experience of an 11-year-old girl.	July 30, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Flick Filosopher	There is joy and wonder in this marvelous mounting of a human mind, and a thrilling audacity in how it dares at such a strange and impossible thing.	July 29, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	Inside Out is a model of economic and moving storytelling.	July 28, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Observer (UK)	Formidably ingenious, Inside Out hits an elusive sweet spot in terms of appealing to children and adults alike.	July 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	It is the sweetest, saddest, happiest, powerful-est, imaginative-est and most important-est film of Pixar's output to date.	July 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Movie Talk	Inside Out brings a young girl's growing pains to life with dazzling wit and tender wisdom.	July 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Truthdig	While the film's visual jokes are as funny as they are imaginative, the humor and inventiveness are yoked to an unusually poignant narrative.	July 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Contactmusic.com	Those bright sparks at Pixar have done it again, taking a fiercely original approach to animated filmmaking that connects with both adults and children.	July 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	An animated masterpiece, one of those rare movies that will speak to kids and adults alike.	July 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Radio Times	Once more the level of conceptual cleverness and ingenious visual design creates real magic.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Sky Cinema	Wise, witty, warm...and Pixar's most audacious move yet.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Times (UK)	Tthe ordinary trauma of an 11-year-old girl coming to terms with a new life and school while losing all her old, comforting, childish certainties has become a glittering, bravura piece of cinema, a comedy both wise and tender.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Empire Magazine	Inside Out is audacious as it is silly, as funny as it is imaginative. It's hard to think of a lovelier way to spend 102 minutes this summer.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Starburst	Poignant, heartfelt, and endearing, Pixar's latest outing challenges us all to dream, to feel, to be.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	New Statesman	What remains consistent in the film is the level of intellectual and emotional daring, as well as Pixar's ability to convert that into dynamic visual storytelling that will endure long after Joy and Sadness dolls are piled high in landfills.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Financial Times	Inside Out is animated cinema's brainstorm of the year, possibly the decade.	July 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	'Inside Out,' upside down or sideways, the latest from Pixar is great fun.	July 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Total Film	Fittingly for a movie set inside someone's head, Pixar's 15th feature is a fireworks display of fizzing ideas and bursts of imagination.	July 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Independent (UK)	It is the universality of the film that makes it an instant classic. Inside Out combines simplicity with extraordinary formal daring and sophistication.	July 16, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinema Sight	The Pixar magic is back with a glorious look into the mind of a young girl. Gorgeous imagery, colorful situations and an emotional roller coaster reward any interested viewer.	July 16, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	Just as the film itself balances humor and pathos, it suggests that true happiness is not a state of unblemished, perpetual joy, but rather a balance of all those emotions that make us human and therefore capable of love and affection and tenderness.	July 14, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	What's most brilliant about the luminously beautiful "Inside Out," Pixar's best movie in a decade, is how director Pete Docter not only connects beautifully to those emotions but turns them into his characters.	July 11, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Film International	It's hard to say what the imagination maestros might be thinking up down their long road of animated development, but they've outdone themselves with the latest mega-hit Inside Out, another in a non-stop parade of successes.	July 10, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	...it's great to see Pixar still has their story telling machine fully operational...this is all about feelings, and Disney/Pixar has no qualms about manipulating yours.	July 7, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Antagony & Ecstasy	What all of mainstream American cinema should want to be - funny and meaningfully sad, deeply thoughtful about its world and story.	July 4, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Rolling Stone Mexico	Inside Out is a very fun and smart movie. [full review in Spanish]	July 2, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Inside Out is stunning achievement that blends creativity, humour and emotion. I'll be saving it a spot in my top-10 list at year's end.	July 2, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinemalogue	The wonderful latest Pixar animated feature wraps a lesson in behavioral science into an ambitious and visually dazzling head trip that's both hilarious and heartwarming.	July 1, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Film Comment Magazine	This breakthrough cartoon attacks enforced happiness and optimism-the white bread and butter of American family movies.	July 1, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	We're sorry we ever doubted you guys. It's really great to have you back.	June 30, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Aisle Seat	A beautiful, meaningful, deeply touching film. Pixar's best work to date.	June 28, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Hindustan Times	Truly imaginative and a treat for parents accompanying the kids.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Indian Express	We've all been where Riley has. Or at least in some of those situations. So there's an instant connect.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Times of India	Really clever stuff.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Seven Days	The filmmakers have found madcap, nonpreachy ways to encourage viewers of all ages to talk more openly about their feelings.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Blu Spot	Pixar has truly outdone themselves, delivering their most intelligent, ambitious, and flat-out best film yet.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Fat Guys at the Movies	It's a powerful film that makes you feel all of the emotions you see on screen, and I challenge anyone to watch it without tearing up just a little bit.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Vue Weekly (Edmonton, Alberta)	In this film about Joy's pursuit of Riley-ness, the message is simple, but subtextual strands are crafty. Most often prettily playful, thought-provoking and mood-moving all at once.	June 26, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Reno News and Review	A spectacular return to form for Pixar.	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Trespass	Emotionally mature, genuinely funny, beautifully animated, and with a message that never feels preachy, Inside Out is one of Pixar's finest efforts to date.	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Sacramento News & Review	The result is joyously funny, as good as anything Pixar Studios has ever done.	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	NOW Toronto	Remember how Pete Docter's Up made you feel sad and happy at the same time? Docter's new movie, Inside Out, does that, too.	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Sunday Age	The most pleasurably complete Pixar film since 2004's The Incredibles, Inside Out delivers a witty and empathetic answer to the eternal lament of, "What is going on inside your head?"	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Advocate (Baton Rouge, LA)	In this especially poignant entry in the Pixar catalog, humor, while not entirely absent, takes a backseat to a escalating crisis.	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Digital Spy	Full of smiles and tears, much like childhood itself, Inside Out ticks so many boxes without ever feeling contrived.	June 25, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	America Magazine	Who among the great filmmakers has put the workings of the human psyche front and center and made it so intellectually engrossing? Hitchcock? Bergman? Maybe, but I really can't remember laughing very much at Vertigo or Persona.	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cine Vrtigo	It might not have the most original plot ever... but Docter's and Del Carmen's work takes the idea of emotions to a whole different level. [full review in Spanish]	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Post Magazine	It is clear in Inside Out that what matters is not the style, but the story and the way it's being told. [full review in Spanish]	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	El Universal	Inside Out is a masterpiece. [full review in Spanish]	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	ChristyLemire.com	This is a movie that dares to explore existential crises, in the middle of the summer, in an animated movie that's aimed at the whole family	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Film School Rejects	It's a brisk and effortlessly charming affair that explores some of our most basic human emotions and how they work together to make us whole people.	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	The film's message is about psychological health. I imagine that quite a few psychology papers will be written about this movie. I don't know if the film's thesis is right, but it is interesting and entertaining.	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Mark Leeper's Reviews	If you get tired of the ideas whizzing around you, you can just sit back and enjoy it as a pretty good Pixar animated comedy.	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Skinny	Concerned with the complexities of human decisions, actions and motivations, it turns internal woes we're all familiar with into the stuff of grand drama.	June 24, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Animation Scoop	Inside Out is an exceptional film, even by Pixar's elevated standards.	June 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	A mix of the brilliant and the basic -- a film that truly soars when it works, but doesn't quite work all of the time.	June 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	Well, let's just say this light, playful and irrepressibly engaging animated adventure succeeds where so many heavy, serious and thematically complex live-action productions have failed.	June 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	MLive.com	It's a complete experience, sophisticated on all fronts, most prominently the visual and emotional ones.	June 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	MetroActive	Inside Out shows you how much fun it was being daddy's little monkey. It won't show you the power of those moments when you were a kid and you really let the gorilla out.	June 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Student Edge	I personally walked out knowing myself more. Some therapists have achieved less.	June 23, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	A family film that's respectful to the intellect of kids while also being thoroughly entertaining for adults.	June 22, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Three Movie Buffs	One of Pixar's very best.	June 22, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	tonymacklin.net	Move over, William Bendix. The Life of Riley is now female.	June 22, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	New Yorker	On the scale of inventiveness, "Inside Out" will be hard to top this year. As so often with Pixar, you feel that you are visiting a laboratory crossed with a rainbow.	June 22, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Not just a wonderful film; it will be an important film.	June 21, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Movie Habit	A creative look at the way emotions operate in the mind of an 11-year-old girl	June 21, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Concrete Playground	Plenty of Pixar movies have the capacity to make people cry, but Inside Out is about *why* we cry.	June 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	It isn't just a wonderful family entertainment, but a warm and creative embrace of the quirks that make us who we are day after day.	June 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Atlantic	Welcome back, Pixar. You were sorely missed.	June 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	The Patriot Ledger	It's the best possible reason for spending cash to spend emotions, as "Inside Out" gives you your money's worth with a story that entertainingly penetrates the mind to unleash the little kid that went MIA when you hit puberty.	June 20, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Linoleum Knife	I believe that its most significant contribution to pop culture will be as a lasting statement of opposition to facile, idiotic "feelings" as they're currently sold by movie studios, a chance for a moment of truth about loss, and grief, and even numbness.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Isthmus (Madison, WI)	Usually those annoying 3D glasses are worth neither the hassle nor the surcharge, but in this case they saved my two children from noticing their normally stoic father blubbering like a newborn baby.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	L.A. Biz	Pixar's most existential picture yet.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	EricDSnider.com	A conceptual near-masterpiece ... except for the big chunk in the middle where it isn't.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Parade Magazine	The brain, science tell us, is one of the most complex things in all creation, and the movie's depiction of it is a thing of ingenious splendor, a mix of fantastically cartoonish sight gags and sublime comedic riffs.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	"Inside Out" is a fun-filled ride with plenty of jokes for kids and adults.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Las Vegas Review-Journal	It's all pretty heady stuff. Literally.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Lyles' Movie Files	I can't see another 2015 film topping its heart, emotion and complexity. You'll love it the first time, but it will prove even more enjoyable upon repeated viewings.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Spectrum (St. George, Utah)	Gloriously fulfilling.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Salt Lake City Weekly	As terrific a technical achievement as Inside Out might be, it's an even better piece of writing.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Grantland	The challenge here involves maintaining a believable humanity while also making an entertaining case that humanity is impossible without the proper emotional configuration. And in meeting that challenge, the movie keeps surprising and delighting you.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Seattle Weekly	Pixar has now updated the mapping of our minds with a much broader palette, using the very latest technology and even consulting neuroscientists. The fanciful animated result is a combo of Oz-style quest and bright-hued PET scan.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Deadspin	Considering how many Pixar films seem designed solely to trigger your tear ducts, it's fitting that the studio has finally made a film that is specifically about sadness.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	... The most ambitious Pixar feature to date ...	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Looking Closer	I don't think I've ever seen a film that more powerfully portrays the fierce intelligence, but also the fragility, of a child's mind for moviegoing audiences.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	It's an unbelievably clever take on the adolescent mind and how it all works.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	With a totally unique premise, a wealth of voice talent, and the usual attention to detail, "Inside Out" is a must for multiple viewings.	June 19, 2015
Michael Calleri	fresh	Christian Science Monitor	It's all very Freudian, or Jungian, or whatever, and little kids may get lost, but there's real verve in the animation and wit in the byplay.	June 19, 2015
Zaki Hasan	rotten	Zaki's Corner	As the ballyhooed wrap-up to a collective five-hour epic, It: Chapter Two feels rushed in a way that's frankly perplexing given how much time is spent on the slow burn for the first two thirds.	November 19, 2019
David Keyes	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	There are a great many moments and sequences scattered across "It Chapter Two." On the other hand, audiences might take issue with there being so many.	November 9, 2019
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	...a complete and total trainwreck of a motion picture...	October 17, 2019
Sameen Amer	rotten	The News International (Pakistan)	Chapter Two struggles to maintain a taut narrative and its scares end up feeling repetitive.	October 15, 2019
Kosoko Jackson	rotten	Mediaversity Reviews	It: Chapter Two fails to treat trauma with any nuance or care, leaving its victimized characters high and dry.	October 14, 2019
Nicholas Bell	fresh	IONCINEMA.com	If perhaps it isn't nearly as daring as King's novel, capturing the tone and emotional essence goes a long way towards making this study on fear and trembling effectively entertaining.	October 10, 2019
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	A unique entry in horror movie canon, due to its depiction of love and loyalty as the ultimate weapon against the monster of hate and fear.	October 10, 2019
Justin Brown	fresh	Medium Popcorn	They did an awesome job, pairing these two movies together. The character development was really good over time. It was a little long, though...	October 3, 2019
Brandon Collins	fresh	Medium Popcorn	A great companion piece to the first one. At the end of the day, this can be broken down to a whole long mini-series.	October 3, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	The second chapter fails again. The TV adaptation didn't work. Now it fails to do so with unnecessary flashbacks and a dependence on visual effects. [Full review in Spanish].	September 27, 2019
Gary Dowell	fresh	Dark Horizons	For all its rough edges, IT: Chapter Two is largely rewarding.	September 26, 2019
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	has enough going for it that it doesn't quite feel like a disappointment, but neither does it fully recreate the first film's gripping action and rich emotional texture	September 26, 2019
Joey Keogh	fresh	Wicked Horror	It Chapter Two is never cutesy or self-congratulatory; its relentless pace gives way to a surprisingly moving finale and a real sense of loss.	September 25, 2019
Leah Pickett	rotten	Chicago Reader	Trimming the adults' often soppy individual narratives to focus on their more interesting dynamic as a group might have mitigated some of the numbness that sets in from predictability.	September 22, 2019
Jared Mobarak	fresh	Jaredmobarak.com	It's about self-empowerment rising to defeat the self-doubt and self-loathing spawned from vicious external sources that were often supposed to be their protectors.	September 21, 2019
EJ Moreno	fresh	Flickering Myth	An epic on the scale of modern comic book movies, It Chapter Two is a big deal for the horror genre. While not flawless, there's just so much to love being back with the Losers and Pennywise	September 20, 2019
Chauncey K. Robinson	fresh	The Twisted Girl Next Door	IT Chapter Two has a lot going on in it- maybe too much. Pennywise is still pretty creepy, and there is compelling emotional depth, but the movie would have benefited from being 20 to 30 minutes shorter.	September 20, 2019
Andr Hereford	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	For the most part, it's time well-spent in the company of both the adult ensemble and their younger counterparts.	September 19, 2019
Martin Thomas	fresh	Double Toasted	It delivers on what a lot of people want from a sequel like this.	September 19, 2019
Korey Coleman	rotten	Double Toasted	Maybe if they had cut it shorter? I don't know...if you're a huge fan of the original or the first one, I completely understand, but come on, man, when you're not telling a story and it's three hours, that's not good writing.	September 19, 2019
Michael Winkler	fresh	Pop Culture Leftovers	IT Chapter Two may be a little drawn out (to a certain degree) but is a very fitting end to what has become one of the most polarizing horror franchises in recent history.	September 18, 2019
Sean Chandler	fresh	Sean Chandler Talks About	The film is impeccably cast and the scale is massive. However, because of a far too repetitious middle act, it doesn't fully live up to the original.	September 17, 2019
Sharronda Williams	rotten	Pay Or Wait	Even with its all-star cast and strong performances, It Chapter Two never quite lives up to its predecessor.	September 17, 2019
Nicola Austin	fresh	We Have a Hulk	IT Chapter Two is a bigger, bolder and more chilling outing that delves much deeper into the horror aspects of the source material.	September 15, 2019
Diva Velez	rotten	TheDivaReview.com	Laden with underwhelming effects, a half-baked script, and surprisingly flat performances (Save Messrs. Hader and Ransone), IT: CHAPTER 2's too-long sequel fails to deliver any of the first film's surreal, genuinely creepy, under-the-skin scares	September 15, 2019
Eric D. Snider	rotten	EricDSnider.com	An epic-length but novella-deep exercise in mild, jokey horror.	September 15, 2019
Bob Grimm	rotten	Reno News and Review	It's a mess.	September 15, 2019
Matt Brunson	rotten	Film Frenzy	When you've seen one toothy, slobbering demon, you've seen 'em all -- the fact that one has spider legs while another sports saggy breasts while yet another has a generous Gene-Simmons-in-KISS tongue ultimately doesn't make any difference.	September 14, 2019
Zoe Rose Smith	fresh	JumpCut Online	Although not as strong as first film, IT Chapter Two will devour you through fear, nostalgia and emotional connection.	September 14, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	I enjoyed the cast of the grown-up Losers Club.	September 13, 2019
Millicent Thomas	fresh	Screen Queens	Every cast member here is in full-throttle, and the whole package feels made with a bursting heart and great love for the Losers of Derry.	September 13, 2019
Liam De Brn	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	While it just falls short of the heights of the first film, this sequel manages to spin a record amount of plates in a china shop without breaking anything.	September 12, 2019
Alachia Queen	rotten	Alachia Queen	Basically a three hour version of the first film but the only change is the characters are adults and less charming. Not really worth a sequel.	September 12, 2019
William Venegas	rotten	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	It Chapter Two is literally a joke. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 12, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	A film that ends with a whimper more than a bang. Fortunately, there is enough here for fans of the previous film and the book to appreciate.	September 12, 2019
Andrew Wyatt	rotten	The Lens	There's a sense of rushed, dutiful, and often uninspired box-checking that saps the film's purportedly phantasmagorical sequences of their potency.	September 12, 2019
Toby Woollaston	fresh	New Zealand Herald	[It Chapter Two's] entertaining and proper creepy throughout, but it would've been nice if it had taken time to slow down here and there.	September 12, 2019
Cory Woodroof	fresh	Nashville Scene	It's designed to feel like a rancid reunion, a painstaking re-creation to conjure the same chills it elicited the first time you went to Derry, Maine.	September 11, 2019
Margot Harrison	fresh	Seven Days	It Chapter Two is still entertaining - though, at nearly three hours, it sometimes wears out its welcome.	September 11, 2019
Mahmoud Mahdy	rotten	FilmGamed	Chapter 2 can only be described as too messy until it gets too organized and then goes back to the worst mess I can imagine.	September 11, 2019
Richard von Busack	rotten	MetroActive	What should feel like a slowly gathering evil that one cannot forestall arrives with the inevitability of a mandatory sequel.	September 11, 2019
Suzette Smith	rotten	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	I'm sorry to report that these adult Losers never really come together, despite great turns by Hader and a scene-stealing James Ransone as Eddie.	September 11, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	may not be as frightening or fresh as its predecessor, but overall it is a satisfying conclusion to the chilling story.	September 11, 2019
Rebecca Lewis	fresh	Metro (UK)	Pennywise is back for more thrills and spills - but at nearly three hours, his reign of terror begins to take a toll.	September 11, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	The Standard	Along with Chapter One, this is a finely crafted horror duology that will stand the test of time among the better Stephen King adaptations.	September 11, 2019
Bob Chipman	rotten	Escapist Magazine	Well Steve... the good news is; now that you tried, a miniseries tried and a movie tried, it's pretty clear: It wasn't just you - NO ONE can figure out a good ending for this one.	September 10, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	rotten	jackiekcooper.com	Went to "It 2" wanting to be scared silly. They left out the scared and went for the silly. Too much time clowning around and not with THE CLOWN.	September 10, 2019
Andy Lea	rotten	Daily Star (UK)	As these set-pieces could be put in any order, the film feels more like a series of randomly assembled shorts than a coherent feature film.	September 10, 2019
Kristian M. Lin	rotten	Fort Worth Weekly	I felt sorry for these actors, except for Hader, who emerges unscathed by injecting some badly needed comic relief.	September 10, 2019
Jeff Beck	rotten	The Blu Spot	This second part is simply far less captivating, is in no rush to get anywhere, takes an incredibly long time to get to the point, and ultimately doesn't really do much of anything on its way there.	September 10, 2019
Tim Stevens	fresh	Comicsverse	IT is not great, but it is good. The actors are strong, there are a couple of excellent Pennywise-child scenes that make the blood run cold. It is also irregularly paced and not every character gets their due. It is a mixed bag, but a recommended one.	September 10, 2019
Walter Chaw	fresh	Film Freak Central	It 2 is about how everything is terrible, but there's hope strong enough to fight it if we believe in our friends. And if they believe in us.	September 10, 2019
Rob Hunter	fresh	Film School Rejects	As a studio horror film sequel it's pretty good, but it's a let-down as a sequel to 'It Chapter One.'	September 10, 2019
Kent Garrison	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	The film as a whole is somewhat of a slog, but Skarsgrd's Pennywise is such an enigma that I can't help but want more.	September 10, 2019
Karl Delossantos	rotten	Smash Cut Reviews	Clearly, Muschietti had a long list of things he wanted to do and tackle in It Chapter Two - and he did all of it. Unfortunately, the movie didn't need most of it.	September 10, 2019
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	I wasn't wowed by the big finale but with a stronger cast and some well-choreographed set pieces, It Chapter Two improves on its predecessor.	September 10, 2019
Karen M. Peterson	fresh	Citizen Dame	As good a sequel as we ever could have hoped after the heights reached by its predecessor	September 10, 2019
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	There's a grandness to its scale and production values that still makes It Chapter Two an enjoyable romp, but it's not the ghoulish scarefest it could be.	September 10, 2019
Michael Ward	rotten	Should I See It	I am confounded how "It" built so brilliantly on anticipation and fear, but the sequel opts to rely on so many cheap jump scares and telegraphed moments.	September 10, 2019
Jack Hamilton	rotten	Slate	Not unlike the town in which it's set, Muschietti's It only sees what it wants to.	September 9, 2019
Marianna Neal	fresh	Impression Blend	It Chapter Two is a perfectly functional companion piece. Both are tied together by an exceptional evil clown performance, and both films feature great ensemble casts and fun scares.	September 9, 2019
Mae Abdulbaki	fresh	The Young Folks	It Chapter Two offers a fascinating perspective on fear, memory, the shifting dynamics of power over your childhood trauma and what it means to make someone feel small.	September 9, 2019
Kimberly Pierce	fresh	Geek Girl Authority	In a Hollywood industry that keeps hitting a home run with each attempt at horror, It Chapter Two is not only another solid entry, but a fitting end to the franchise.	September 9, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	There are plenty of sequences in which you will find yourself holding your breath - and the visual effects department has a ball.	September 9, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Director Muscietti maintains an effective, grimy small-town look for Derry, and mostly handles scares deftly.	September 9, 2019
Alison Rowat	rotten	The Herald (Scotland)	A rocky horror show indeed.	September 9, 2019
Wade Major	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	It's satisfying, but I think a lot of people are probably going to find it a letdown because it doesn't really punch you up in the same way [as its predecessor].	September 9, 2019
Josh Wilding	rotten	ComicBookMovie.com	Andy Muschietti has assembled a terrific cast to battle Pennywise in the present day but a muddled and meandering plot bogs the follow-up down and stops It: Chapter 2 from being the essential, epic conclusion fans hoped for.	September 9, 2019
Terence Johnson	fresh	Le Noir Auteur	It: Chapter Two is a mixed bag that the actors manage to really sell and because of them, the movie is a stressful, fun experience for the most part.	September 9, 2019
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	In the end it's a decent experience that stays afloat thanks to a committed cast that has undeniable chemistry. [Full review in Spanish]	September 9, 2019
Jos Martn	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	The production is spectacular. [Full review in Spanish]	September 9, 2019
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	A wonderful return to King's tale, one filled with jump out of your seat scares, heartbreaking drama, and yet another excellent turn from Bill Skarsgard as Pennywise.	September 9, 2019
Alex Saveliev	rotten	Film Threat	Sadly, though afforded double the budget, It Chapter Two provides half of the scares of the first installment. This clown's makeup is wearing off, fast.	September 9, 2019
Josh Terry	rotten	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	If creepy visuals is your thing, then the second installment of Stephen King's popular horror yarn will have you crawling into your seat. But if you require a little tension and unpredictability to get the job done, you should look elsewhere.	September 9, 2019
Bill Arceneaux	fresh	Big Easy Magazine	Some quirks here, some added observations there, some action around the corner, and you have what is a somewhat enjoyable if potentially disappointing popcorn-muncher.	September 9, 2019
Danielle Del Plato	fresh	Floated Alternative Culture Magazine	Pennywise is so frightening that the kid sitting in front of me was crying and begging her guardian to take her home.	September 9, 2019
Tom Augustine	rotten	New Zealand Herald	Chapter Two finds itself stumbling into myriad plot holes or, worse, unintentional moments of hilarity, that belie its occasional stretches of inspiration or sweetness.	September 9, 2019
Oggs Cruz	rotten	Rappler	It Chapter Two is comparably a lot less focused and vastly more distracted effort, with Muschietti clearly having difficulties in cohering all of his film's scary parts to tackle his daring take on trauma.	September 9, 2019
Jason Escamilla	rotten	EskimoTV	Character development is attempted but unfortunately never reaches a level that evokes true emotion.	September 9, 2019
Matthew Dougherty	rotten	The Filtered Lens	Though no one could accuse It Chapter 2 of playing it safe, the 170-minute runtime often misplaces its focus.	September 9, 2019
Stephen Silver	rotten	Splice Today	Sluggish and overlong compared to its stellar predecessor.	September 9, 2019
Edwin Arnaudin	fresh	Asheville Movies	In a stunning turnaround, Muschietti improves on the failures of It in practically every aspect.	September 9, 2019
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	With a little less Pennywise and a bit more character-depth and focus on the fear associated with the protagonists' everyday lives, IT: Chapter 2 got the balance just right.	September 9, 2019
Tracy Allen	rotten	PopHorror.com	IT: Chapter Two traded frights for humor, which is a big disappointment for fans of the 2017 film who are expecting an elevated experience with more nightmares.	September 8, 2019
Melissa Hannon	fresh	Horror Geek Life	The performances were solid and the humor was spot-on. However, we needed more effective horror to tip that scale. Despite its flaws, fans were given an emotionally-satisfying conclusion for our beloved Losers' Club.	September 8, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	It Chapter Two is a rare sequel that improves upon its predecessor with an invigorating cast, a compelling story, hair-raising scares and heart-wrenching emotion.	September 8, 2019
Tim Brennan	fresh	About Boulder	The casting is strong, the film has a genuinely epic sprawl, and for every moment of dodgy CGI there's another that feels creative and alarming.	September 8, 2019
Matthew Bond	rotten	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	[G]oodness this is disappointing and dismally slow old stuff.	September 8, 2019
Jim Schembri	rotten	3AW	As good as the horror-schlock of IT was, this way-overlong sequel pales in comparison by simply not containing sufficient scares. Or, indeed, any scares at all.	September 8, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Observer (UK)	A peculiar mix of the crowd-pleasing and the patience-testing, veering wildly between the entertaining and the frustrating, built round a story that ventures inexorably underground without ever getting to the heart of what lies beneath.	September 8, 2019
Tim Brayton	rotten	Alternate Ending	The best it seems to be aiming for is to be unnecessarily gross, not scary in any way.	September 8, 2019
Francisco Marinero	fresh	El Mundo (Spain)	The various points of humor and easter eggs for fans make for a fun film. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 8, 2019
Alejandro Turdo	fresh	EscribiendoCine	The effectiveness of this film doesn't lie in the scares so much as it does in the internal conflict of its characters. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 8, 2019
Carlos Boyero	rotten	El Pais (Spain)	Everything feels inevitable, like an iceberg and I have no remedy. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 8, 2019
Antonio Trashorras	fresh	Fotogramas	"It Chapter 2 "engages in an interesting, emotional and not at all trivial discourse on the scars of memory and the dreadful human fragility when facing the worst of themselves and others individually. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 8, 2019
Pablo Villaa	rotten	Cinema em Cena	It Chapter Two fails in what should be its most important aspect: it's just not scary. [Full review in Portuguese]	September 8, 2019
Noah Berlatsky	rotten	NBC News THINK	"It," that generic title, demonstrates that in pop culture, there is always a second chapter. There's no such thing as just one evil clown.	September 8, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Pennywise proves that he is what nightmares are made of -- quite literally. With the perfect mix of gruesome, psychological, and pure terror, IT Chapter Two is a must see!	September 8, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	The result is a film with all the unsettling power and visual elan of the kiddy-friendly Goosebumps series (Jack Black + monsters = zzzz).	September 8, 2019
Shaun Munro	fresh	Flickering Myth	It Chapter Two frustrates in all of its ambition, for the impeccable performances and deliciously dark storytelling are forever at the mercy of a messy, over-indulgent script.	September 7, 2019
Arturo Magaa	fresh	Cine Premiere	Despite some flaws, IT Chapter 2 concludes the saga while maintaining the integrity of Stephen King's story. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 7, 2019
Ed Whitfield	rotten	The Ooh Tray	The second half of the story plays like a bland re-telling of the first.	September 7, 2019
Alan Jones	fresh	Radio Times	As distinguished as it is disarming, IT Chapter Two could very well be the ultimate adaptation of a Stephen King novel.	September 7, 2019
Kate Muir	rotten	Daily Mail (UK)	And as the master of suspense Alfred Hitchcock once said: 'The length of a film should be directly related to endurance of the human bladder' - and It: Chapter Two just goes too far.	September 7, 2019
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	Too indulgent and messy at times which is a huge shame. There are some great moments and maybe it was the anticipation, but It Chapter Two was sadly disappointing.	September 7, 2019
Jamie East	rotten	The Sun (UK)	IT felt dated and barely different to the first - and so, so, soooo long.This is a film that ends about four times, none of them in a particularly satisfying fashion.	September 7, 2019
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	The great news is that Tulsa's Bill Hader is the best thing about this sequel.	September 7, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	The sequel returns with the same virtues and flaws as the first film. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 7, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Savage, scary sequel that's overly long and better suited for a TV mini-series.	September 7, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	I enjoyed the narrative and the character interactions, but considering it's supposed to a horror movie, it didn't scare me that much. [Full review in Spanish]	September 7, 2019
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	The major fault of 'Chapter Two' is that the overall focus is so incohesive... but friggin' Bill Hader.	September 7, 2019
Wendy Shreve	rotten	Featuring Film	...See It Chapter Two to fill your time.	September 7, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	It Chapter Two does an admirable job of elevating its subpar inspiration into something engaging, but it can't help but pale in comparison to its predecessor.	September 7, 2019
Sarah Ksiazek	fresh	The MacGuffin	Pennywise now carries with him a partially-deflated balloon.	September 7, 2019
Joe Friar	rotten	The Victoria Advocate	Bill Hader gets MVP and the special effects are first-rate. But in the end, the film is an extravagant display of excess that gets predictable and convoluted.	September 7, 2019
Preston Barta	fresh	Denton Record-Chronicle	'Chapter Two' is an emotional finale that takes a few detours that detract from its overall quality.	September 7, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	The first chapter stands as one of the best horror movies of the last few years. This one is just... adequate.	September 7, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	rotten	Movies and Shakers	The special effects are so frequent and over the top that they begin to lose their effectiveness. The lighting or lack thereof on Pennywise's entrances and exits help set a scary tone, but not enough.	September 7, 2019
Oscar Goff	rotten	Boston Hassle	One of the curious things that becomes apparent early on [...] is that this portion of the story is served far worse by the splitting of the timelines than its predecessor.	September 7, 2019
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	IT Chapter Two is, in many respects, a very different film from its predecessor, but what the story gets at thematically is an effective fulfillment of what has already been established.	September 7, 2019
Molly Henery	fresh	The Blogging Banshee	IT Chapter Two is a thrilling and heart-felt conclusion to the story of our favorite losers that captures the feel of King's novel while still giving us something exciting and new.	September 7, 2019
Ray Pride	rotten	Newcity	Grown Goonies in the Boonies.	September 7, 2019
Mark Kermode	rotten	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	Yes, there are big-bang scares, but they're not real scares. In the end, what I come away with is a sense of being at a carnival fun-fair. Attractions, bits...but too much, and you're tired and sick.	September 6, 2019
TK Burton	rotten	Pajiba	Instead of building on the foundation of its first entry, we're left with seeing a strong cast wasted and an engaging story capped by an ultimately lackluster sequel.	September 6, 2019
Miles Surrey	rotten	The Ringer	Chapter Two feels like a missed opportunity. Rather than going for broke, it's content just being the "evil clown movie."	September 6, 2019
Aja Romano	fresh	Vox	While Chapter Two works perfectly fine as a complement to Chapter One, it still falls short in that the closer our heroes come to triumphing over "It," the further they get from a satisfying conclusion.	September 6, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	At close to three hours, it's too long and self-indulgent and doesn't scare you much. It's the performances and emotional core which keeps you hooked despite the flaws...	September 6, 2019
Stephen Romei	fresh	The Australian	The scenes that blend the lives of the adults with the lives of the kids they once were are excellent.	September 6, 2019
Adam Graham	rotten	Detroit News	"It" never decides which fears to take at face value and which exist only in the subconscious, and winds up confused as a result.	September 6, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	An outsized, sometimes unwieldy monster of a movie that taps into viewers' pleasure centers with horror and humor in equal measure.	September 6, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	fresh	Adelaide Review	Yes, it is too long, but it's a fitting end to this filming of what was one of Stephen King's longest books, which is really saying something.	September 6, 2019
Ronak Kotecha	fresh	The Times of India	To sum 'It' up, there's a lot going on in this sequel that manages to engage you despite a complex narrative and an exhausting runtime of little less than three hours.	September 6, 2019
Kristy Strouse	fresh	Film Inquiry	The trip gets a little murky, but for the most part this is a sound sequel, with spot-on casting that goes much deeper down the Pennywise well, in a pleasantly wrapped package of horror and heart.	September 6, 2019
Chris Sawin	fresh	Reel Rundown	A cryptic head-scratcher of a second half likely to be off-putting to casual moviegoers. If you stick with the Losers until the bitter end, It: Chapter Two is incredibly bold, overwhelmingly bloody, and an undeniably bonkers slice of cosmic pie.	September 6, 2019
Rashid Irani	rotten	Hindustan Times	Bill Skarsgard is dreadful rather than dread-inducing. And even scarier than the nearly-three-hour runtime of this frightmare...	September 6, 2019
Radheyan Simonpillai	rotten	NOW Toronto	Who could care for nearly three hours? Muschietti's faithful adaptation, with all its creative and creepy set pieces, can't justify that numbing run time...	September 6, 2019
Jeffrey Bloomer	rotten	Slate	It's obvious that the filmmakers failed to fully reckon with what they've put on the screen, and the results are grim.	September 6, 2019
Douglas Davidson	fresh	Elements of Madness	When all is said and done, Chapter Two offers a satisfying ending that feels absolutely earned. Growing up isn't about happy endings, but is about the acceptance of who we are, a realization which inspires strength in the face of absolute terror.	September 6, 2019
Sesali Bowen	rotten	Nylon	What It: Chapter Two lacks in gore and terror, it makes up for in actual grime and crud.	September 6, 2019
Matthew Rozsa	fresh	Salon.com	Overall, "It Chapter Two" is a fitting companion piece to the first film. There are flaws, to be sure, but nothing you wouldn't expect going in.	September 6, 2019
Luke Goodsell	rotten	ABC News (Australia)	It: Chapter 2 retreats from the genuine horror of the 2017 remake towards something less imaginative.	September 6, 2019
Keith Phipps	rotten	The Verge	It's an appreciably less-engaging film in every way, suffering from lurching storytelling, wild vacillations in tone (even within scenes), and a strong cast that never fully gels as a group.	September 6, 2019
Kimberley Elizabeth	fresh	Nightmare on Film Street	It: Chapter 2 gazes long and hard at the past, leaving Pennywise juggling scares.	September 6, 2019
Sara Clements	fresh	The Reel Roundup	All in all ( ... ) It Chapter Two still packs the right amount of heart, and its emotionally cathartic ending almost makes its drawn-out execution worth it.	September 6, 2019
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Suffers from an uneven second act and too many flashbacks. However, at other times it comes close to matching the first.	September 6, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	That said, "Chapter Two's" most powerful moments focus on the mental turmoil that continue to ravage the adult Losers years after their adolescent encounters with Pennywise.	September 6, 2019
Gary Wolcott	fresh	KXL-FM (Portland, OR)	Barely recommending this. Take the first film & this one & shrink the whole thing to 3-hours & you have one of the best horror movies ever instead of just a good one.	September 6, 2019
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	I think It's a movie that will make us have fun, that will entertain us, but that will cause a little less nightmares than the first installment. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 6, 2019
Ryan Syrek	rotten	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	"It 2: At Least There's No Sewer Orgy" is a start-to-finish misfire, from its insensitive opening to an ending that would make Peter Jackson give the "wrap it up" signal.	September 6, 2019
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	It's way too long, but scary fun enough of the time. Hader is the standout.	September 6, 2019
Rich Juzwiak	rotten	The Muse/Jezebel	Of course, horror movies have a long history of playing fast and loose with coherence, and expecting excellence from It Chapter Two is a more foolish idea than anything contained in this extremely dumb movie.	September 6, 2019
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	... fans who immediately imagined moving into the Well House on Neibolt Street on sight alone will joyously snuggle in.... suffers from running-time fatigue while rewarding the completionist who hangs onto every detailed breadcrumb.	September 6, 2019
Matt Rodriguez	fresh	Shakefire	Andy Muschietti struck gold with 2017's IT and while Chapter Two may not be as scary, it isn't that far behind either with a respectable silver.	September 6, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	rotten	The Film Yap	Not without its charms, but an incredibly overlong sequel that often feels like a chain of video game mini-quests.	September 6, 2019
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	The performances are good, the use of comedic relief is decent, and there are still enough spooky moments present. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, Scary Stuff, etc. - also Available)	September 6, 2019
John Wenzel	rotten	Denver Post	Chapter Two goes deeper than its predecessor, and yet never loses a feeling of shallowness.	September 6, 2019
Miguel Romero Fernndez	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	Much braver and bolder. [Full review in Spanish]	September 6, 2019
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	It: Chapter Two still has plenty of creepy moments and big creature scares, but it also has the heart that made the first installment so good and popular.	September 6, 2019
Jeva Lange	fresh	The Week	[Andy] Muschietti and his team are clearly fans of their source material, and they treat the story with a generous humor that even [Stephen] King, in all his self-seriousness, didn't loan to the book.	September 6, 2019
Will Leitch	rotten	Paste Magazine	It, Chapter Two is nearly three hours, and it feels every second of its running time, oddly meandering when it should be barreling toward its conclusion.	September 6, 2019
Rob Dean	fresh	Daily Grindhouse	There's still great grotesque and inventive imagery, a truly dangerous antagonist, and strong chemistry among the cast...but a bigger picture approach would have solved narrative problems and avoided a sense of disconnect that mars the films.	September 6, 2019
Matthew Lucas	rotten	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	Goes off the rails in the second half, featuring a loud, garish extended climax that's so bathed in CGI effects that it becomes numbing, an unpleasant visual assault rather than than a creepy funhouse.	September 6, 2019
Asher Luberto	rotten	culturevulture.net	I'm sorry to pop your balloon, but "It Chapter Two"is a mess.	September 6, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	rotten	ChrisStuckmann.com	It's very uneven.	September 6, 2019
Deirdre Crimmins	fresh	HighDef Digest	At its core, It: Chapter Two is about memory, loss, and good versus evil. I just wish it dragged a little less.	September 6, 2019
Daniel Nava	rotten	Chicago Cinema Circuit	I really like what It Two is about, I just hate how it goes about it.	September 6, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	The Armchair Auteur	A little scattered, bloated and too long, but (...) not a great horror movie in my opinion. but a pretty good movie movie overall.	September 6, 2019
Esther Zuckerman	rotten	Thrillist	The oddest part of Chapter Two is that, despite its length, it fails to earn the "epic" status it so wishes to earn.	September 6, 2019
Christy Lemire	fresh	RogerEbert.com	It Chapter Two can be a sprawling, unwieldy mess -- overlong, overstuffed and full of frustrating detours -- but its casting is so spot-on ... the film keeps you hooked.	September 6, 2019
Ivn Belmont	fresh	Konexin	The best part about the movie is that it shows us that true friendship and genuine love do exist. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 6, 2019
Robert Horton	rotten	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	Substituting breakneck editing and migraine-inducing strobe lights for actual ideas, Muschietti wants to convince you that something exciting is happening.	September 6, 2019
Joe Lipsett	fresh	Anatomy of a Scream	Shoddy CGI, a long run time and some iffy character work aside, IT: Chapter 2 is a solid sequel	September 6, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	All in, this sequel has enough scares for horror movie fans and enough drama to keep us riveted.	September 6, 2019
Oliver Jones	rotten	Observer	The new chapter doesn't bring much fresh psychological shading to this process. Instead, the film bombards us with plot and monsters that pile up like toys in the attic.	September 6, 2019
Robert Denerstein	rotten	Denerstein Unleashed	Normally, I don't care about a movie's length, but in the case of Chapter Two, length fatigue sets in, overwhelming the movie's virtues. Moreover, last-minute attempts to add sentiment and uplifting instruction doesn't connect emotionally.	September 6, 2019
Molly Freeman	fresh	ScreenRant	IT Chapter Two is a compelling and satisfying ending to Stephen King's story, even if it's not quite as charming or scary and feels a bit overlong.	September 6, 2019
Johnny Gayzmonic	fresh	Fanboys of the Universe	It doesn't sink, but it doesn't necessarily float, either.	September 6, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	fresh	AtHomeInHollywood.com	While director Andy Muschietti does a fine job of keeping the creeps coming, after awhile all those chases, attacks, morphing and jump scares just become numbing.	September 6, 2019
Christian Toto	rotten	HollywoodInToto.com	Pennywise returns, but the film's real star is the 'SNL' alum who makes this mediocrity shine brighter.	September 6, 2019
Kurt Loder	rotten	Reason Online	Inevitably, monotony sets in, and by the end you're gasping for fresh invention.	September 6, 2019
Hope Madden	fresh	Columbus Underground	And even then, set piece after set piece seems constructed with only one aim: a clearly telegraphed jump scare.	September 6, 2019
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	In a particularly strong cast for this kind of film, Hader emerges as MVP. He may not carry the film, but he makes a difference.	September 6, 2019
Phil Villarreal	fresh	ABC Tucson	There's a nagging sense that it could have been so much more.	September 6, 2019
Luke Y. Thompson	fresh	SuperHeroHype	Come for the creatures and scares, stay for the insights on how to let go of your secret shames.	September 6, 2019
Amie Simon	rotten	Three Imaginary Girls	The whole thing is an overlong, jumbled, unenjoyable mess and the few flashbacks from the first movie only serve to highlight how empty this one feels. I have a new answer when someone asks me what the worst horror movie sequel is.	September 6, 2019
Dustin Chase	rotten	Galveston Daily News	The difference between the potential of this sequel and the end result, is staggeringly disappointing.	September 6, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	Unbearably long yet brimming with ambition, It Chapter Two is a film that seems constantly at odds with itself	September 6, 2019
Sean Collier	fresh	Pittsburgh Magazine	If nothing else, there's plenty of Pennywise - and Bill Skarsgard remains captivating and terrifying as the demented jester.	September 6, 2019
Dustin Putman	fresh	TheFrightFile.com	Sticks the landing & then some. This chance-taking, frightful, deeply poignant conclusion is a beautiful phantasmagoria that deepens what came before it while provocatively & rather astutely delving into decades-spanning reverberations of trauma & grief.	September 6, 2019
Roger Moore	rotten	Tribune News Service	How's that old saying about "too much of a (mediocre) thing" go, again?	September 6, 2019
Michelle Kisner	fresh	The Movie Sleuth	This film has a lot of pacing issues and struggles to find a consistent tone. However, it still nails a lot of the elements that makes Stephen King's work memorable.	September 5, 2019
Henry Stewart	fresh	Slant Magazine	The film argues we're stronger and better when we're home, building communities that can oppress the oppressors and build up so-called "losers."	September 5, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	rotten	Daily Film Fix	This movie might make some bucks, but it does not continue the former film's watershed moment.	September 5, 2019
Scott Tobias	rotten	NPR	The first It brought a robust blockbuster maximalism to the horror genre, and the sequel, like many blockbuster franchises, starts to list from all the baggage.	September 5, 2019
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	The casting is impeccable, and the characters' personalities are so well defined as this point, that ... it truly feels like a reunion of long-lost friends.	September 5, 2019
Peter Howell	rotten	Toronto Star	A wearisome sequel by returning director Andy Muschietti that runs nearly three hours, paying tedious obeisance to King's overwritten prose.	September 5, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	The casting here is a triumph.	September 5, 2019
Sean Burns	rotten	The ARTery	Just because King makes fun of himself for not being able to write a decent finish doesn't mean we should let him off the hook for this one.	September 5, 2019
J Hurtado	fresh	ScreenAnarchy	[F]or those committed to the story and the characters, it does deliver one hell of a massive climax, I just wish it didn't take so long to get there.	September 5, 2019
Brent Hankins	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Less engaging and less scary than its predecessor, with a daunting runtime that nevertheless remains a must-see for any horror fan.	September 5, 2019
Violet Lucca	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	Joker doesn't understand its representation of violence because it doesn't know what to do with its politics, opting instead for a confused aestheticization of anarchy, all incendiary chants and masked malcontents thronging the streets.	November 19, 2019
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	The film owes a great deal to Joaquin Phoenix's performance as Arthur. Phoenix uses his body as a weapon, even before the transformation into the Joker.	November 16, 2019
Eileen Jones	fresh	The Jacobin	Looking at Joker for a kind of microcosmic version of melodrama giving way in the end to something better, however inchoate, is absolute wishful thinking. But like I said before - it's the perfect Rorschach inkblot.	November 15, 2019
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	Phoenix supercharges this Martin Scorsese-lite polemic with a bombastic, electrifying portrayal of unyielding sympathy for Arthur, whose desperation to connect with others descends into despair.	November 15, 2019
Katherine Monk	fresh	Ex-Press.com	The movie tells its story without apology, and Phoenix plays it to the serrated edge, conjuring a modern take on Milton's Paradise Lost, where we're asked to find sympathy for the devil after being cast out of heaven...	November 10, 2019
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	it is over before it begins because there is no other possible outcome than what we eventually arrive at, and Phillips and Silver don't give us an interesting enough trajectory to make up for that loss	November 10, 2019
David Keyes	rotten	Cinemaphile.org	If Arthur Fleck reflects the same cultural alienation that creates mass shooters and serial killers, the movie cuts away too often to establish a cogent argument.	November 9, 2019
Stuart Klawans	rotten	The Nation	Todd Phillips can dump two cups of Taxi Driver into a bowl and slop in a cup and a half of The King of Comedy, but that doesn't make him Scorsese.	November 8, 2019
Jeff Owens	fresh	Enid Buzz	It's hard to say if Joker entertains. It's dark and downbeat. There are good, even great, things about it, but overall it's just a little flat. It's one of those movies you can respect, though it's a little harder to like.	November 8, 2019
Louis Proyect	rotten	Counterpunch.org	Like "The Dark Knight", this film demonizes the mentally ill. It also distorts NY realities in the early 80s.	November 4, 2019
Carey-Ann Pawsey	fresh	Orca Sound	Even though it is most certainly not your traditional approach to this character. Definitely breaks ground.	October 30, 2019
Rubn Rosario	rotten	MiamiArtZine	Heath Ledger's maniacal agent of destruction would have kicked this sorry-ass loser off Gotham's tallest building.	October 28, 2019
Ian Thomas Malone	fresh	Ian Thomas Malone	Phoenix's mesmerizing lead performance is more than enough to carry the narrative past many of its meandering moments.	October 28, 2019
David Poland	fresh	Movie City News	Watching Joaquin dance and evolve is enough to make this movie worth the time. Unfortunately, the third act that reaches beyond the character is not as successful.	October 25, 2019
Lapacazo Sandoval	fresh	New York Amsterdam News	In the end, we think we know how his story goes but the surprise is on us. [Arthur is] becoming (yikes, and gulp) likable, and maybe that's the most disturbing part of Joker.	October 25, 2019
Justin Brown	fresh	Medium Popcorn	If you're a die-hard Batman fan, some things are definitely going to throw you off. If you're a casual comic fan, the performance is great and all-around it was chilling and tense.	October 24, 2019
Brandon Collins	fresh	Medium Popcorn	Phoenix's performance is something we're still talking about, which is rare these days...I've just had a lot of conversations, still, about this movie.	October 24, 2019
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	I think this is a well-made movie... a well-acted movie. I think that it's not as deep as it sometimes thinks it is... but what helps it is Jaoquin Pheonix's performance.	October 24, 2019
Lawrence Ware	rotten	New York Times	What the film wants to say - about mental illness or class divisions in society - is not as interesting as what it accidentally says about whiteness.	October 24, 2019
Shaun McMichael	fresh	PopMatters	In its depiction of Fleck's quixotic descent, Joker is as much about the spectators as it is about its tragic spectacle.	October 23, 2019
Barbara Wurm	fresh	Cinema Scope	Even if blank despair and the inability of being funny is its topic, Joker never fails to please.	October 23, 2019
Roe McDermott	fresh	Hot Press	As a nightmarish portrait of urban isolation and a gritty comic book origin story, the movie is superbly acted and tensely paced. It also lacks nuance and plays into well-worn tropes. It's good. It's not great.	October 22, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Joker has a very important message about mental illness, and everyone should watch it. Maybe it will make people think twice about how they treat others.	October 22, 2019
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	But still: a provocation. Performance art. And an ongoing conversation.	October 22, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	A study of descent into primal levels of reaction. Forget about superheroes. There are none to be seen in this version of Gotham. [Full review in Spanish].	October 21, 2019
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	Joker is a jumble - sometimes brilliant and sometimes trite. Among its flashes of excellence is a self-serious movie that isn't nearly as deep as it thinks it is.	October 19, 2019
Rene Sanchez	fresh	Cine Sin Fronteras	A disturbing and frightening origin story that reflects on sensitive issues that affect today's society. Joaquin Phoenix's bravura performance as the popular comic book villain is nothing short of extraordinary. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Ugly, grotesque, depressing and yet quite fantastic...	October 18, 2019
David N. Butterworth	fresh	La Movie Boeuf	It's undeniably bleak to watch, but Phoenix demands our attention... and gets it.	October 18, 2019
Jeet Heer	rotten	The Nation	Simply as a film, Joker leaves much to be desired: It's heavy-handed and derivative. But as with previous superhero narratives, it provides a fascinating allegory for present concerns.	October 17, 2019
Edward Johnson-Ott	rotten	NUVO Newsweekly	The fundamental issue I have with Joker is that it's unnecessary.	October 17, 2019
Tony Macklin	fresh	tonymacklin.net	Joker is a wicked trip.	October 17, 2019
Paula Fleri-Soler	fresh	Times of Malta	Director Todd Phillips does not let up on the bleakness at any point. It is a film firmly grounded in humanity and ordinary and basic human vulnerabilities and needs in moments of challenge.	October 17, 2019
Filipe Freitas	fresh	Always Good Movies	Digging deep into his role, Phoenix was the secret weapon required to make us understand the human pain behind Joker's wickedness.	October 16, 2019
Beth McDonough	rotten	The Babbling Blonde	Joker is a visual feast about mental illness, the crumbling of an unstable economic system, and toxic masculinity that thinks it has something groundbreaking to add to the comic book universe, but merely adds an obtuse reflection.	October 15, 2019
Jerilyn Jordan	fresh	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	Phoenix's Joker is a monster of his own making, and the film succeeds in blurring the lines between fantasy, reality, and hyper-reality, manipulating its audience to participate in the horror while challenging the individual's own mental soundness.	October 15, 2019
Rob Carnevale	fresh	Indie London	Joker is a film to admire more than like. But it shouldn't be underestimated. It is a massively impressive, highly intelligent, openly provocative and ferociously performed masterpiece.	October 15, 2019
Alonso Daz de la Vega	rotten	El Universal	Joker tries to be serious in a familiar genre, but hold on to the convention. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Leonardo Garcia Tsao	fresh	La Jornada	Being one of the few Hollywood actors willing to risk, Phoenix makes the protagonist a man as repellent as fascinating. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Carlos Bonfil	fresh	La Jornada	Director without the artistic mastery of a Scorsese, but with capable to recognize the effectiveness of an incendiary speech on the screen in these times of social suspicion. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Susan Granger	rotten	SSG Syndicate	Brutally nihilistic and morally irresponsible, glamorizing and glorifying a nasty, maniacal villain, leaving one to wonder if a reel threat could inspire a real threat.	October 14, 2019
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	Writer-director Todd Phillips and co-writer Scott Silver are taking societal problems that you might see explored in a Ken Loach film and bringing them into the superhero realm.	October 13, 2019
EJ Moreno	fresh	Flickering Myth	Joker offers enough to make it not a complete waste of everyone's talent, but the movie lacks that extra "wow" factor.	October 13, 2019
John McDonald	fresh	Australian Financial Review	If violence is a natural product of a community that is learning to take pleasure from hatred, Joker affords us a glimpse of the coming apocalypse.	October 13, 2019
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	Joker knows that its status as a property trumps secondary considerations like art and originality, but it purports to offer both under the safe and reassuring DC umbrella.	October 12, 2019
Matt Brunson	rotten	Film Frenzy	The theatrical trailer for Joker -- tight, controlled, and intriguing -- suggested the best movie Martin Scorsese never made. The actual movie is a shallow and sophomoric effort that isn't about a raging bull as much as it's merely raging bulls***.	October 12, 2019
Nicola Austin	fresh	We Have a Hulk	A slow burn approach that delves into the psyche of the man who would become the Joker. It's an affecting and upsetting experience, but that's the point.	October 12, 2019
Bob Grimm	rotten	Tucson Weekly	Phoenix is great, but the movie is a hack job.	October 12, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	It knew what it was doing. The performance is so intense, with just the right register for the film...hard-boiled cinema, it managed to do something new...	October 12, 2019
Martin Thomas	fresh	Double Toasted	It's one of these movies with all the ingredients of a great movie, but manages to not be...the story editing, the film editing cut the legs out from so much of it. I admired it from a visual standpoint, but not feeling much of anything.	October 12, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	This was brilliantly-crafted cinema. The story falls in place naturally, with great performances all around to deliver that story, and gorgeous visuals.	October 12, 2019
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	Is it possible, in the world of 'Joker,' to believe in real heroism? Do the filmmakers even care about that question?	October 11, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	I feel like Joaquin [Phoenix] should get an Oscar nomination out of this, if not the win. Like for me, this is the best male performance of the year.	October 11, 2019
Adam Kempenaar	rotten	Filmspotting	Never evolves beyond scene after scene of painful slights, degradations, and worse - empty provocations.	October 11, 2019
Nick Pinkerton	rotten	4Columns	A film that takes on the nigh-impossible task of smuggling transgressive underground danger into a contemporary, risk-averse multiplex tentpole package.	October 11, 2019
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	The psychological journey of Arthur Fleck is interesting, but overall, I found this movie quite slow moving and predictable, despite a powerful performance by Phoenix. There is one surprise near the end, though.	October 11, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	It keeps picking up enough of a queasy-making potency that it succeeds, sometimes quite well, despite the director's best intentions.	October 11, 2019
Cameron Williams	rotten	The Popcorn Junkie	We've been trolled.	October 11, 2019
Karl Delossantos	rotten	Smash Cut Reviews	For all the discourse around Joker, I was expecting something truly abhorrent - for better or worse. What I was shocked to find is how little of a bite it has.	October 11, 2019
Rob Harvilla	fresh	The Ringer	Joker turns nihilism into an Olympic sport, and given that aspiration, if that's even the right word, there was only one song worthy of the soundtrack.	October 10, 2019
Cory Woodroof	rotten	Nashville Scene	Despite moments that feel like they're sincerely trying to warn us to about a world that creates Arthur Flecks, Joker often feels unchecked and unkempt in its unforgiving soapboxing and nihilistic, ugly tendencies.	October 10, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	[Joker] is aggressive in its unpleasantness, doubling and tripling down on its unreliability as it forces us to follow along on a journey where the line between reality and delusion is indelibly blurred.	October 10, 2019
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	Phoenix's maniac is never boring, always finding new layers of anguish; it's even remarkable what he does with the cigarettes he chain smokes.	October 10, 2019
Niall Browne	fresh	Movies in Focus	After talking some serious talk, it was up for debate if The Hangover director Todd Phillips could pull-off the challenge of making Joker.	October 10, 2019
Sarah Knight Adamson	fresh	Sarah's Backstage Pass	Joker is a proceed with caution film, with an Oscar-worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix.	October 10, 2019
Matthew Pejkovic	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	A stunning example of comic-book filmmaking done with tangible grit and fearsome artistry.	October 10, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	As violent and as thematically dark as it often is, the film has moments of sheer brilliance and real bravery, especially when it comes to seeing the world from the point of view of somebody who is clearly deranged.	October 10, 2019
Donovan Farley	fresh	Willamette Week	His archaic views about "PC culture" aside, Philips has created a pitch-black cinematic world where the have-nots have been pushed beyond the brink...brought forth from Phoenix a performance that will be studied as long as cinema exists.	October 10, 2019
Millicent Thomas	rotten	Screen Queens	Joker isn't a work of genius, it's not radical, bold, nor right-wing propaganda. It's just a movie, and a bad one.	October 10, 2019
Julie Crawford	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	The role itself, fails to connect, feeling more like pomp and posturing than a real-world study of mental illness. But that's how it's meant to be. This is a comic book, after all: the real world should only seep in so far.	October 10, 2019
Dom Nero	rotten	Esquire Magazine	All the references in Phillips's film don't feel like they're homages-they feel like blasphemy.	October 10, 2019
Gabrielle Bruney	rotten	Esquire Magazine	The film isn't worth arguing over when it doesn't actually say anything at all.	October 10, 2019
Stuart McGurk	rotten	GQ Magazine [UK]	Gross isn't exactly a film-critic term. But then Joker isn't exactly a film. For one, it doesn't so much contain a plot as a series of brutal jolts to the senses. It doesn't so much contain characters as people who take and people who get taken.	October 9, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Cinencuentro	It works not only because it's completely different to the average comic book movie, but also because it's an impeccably acted and directed drama. [Full review in Spanish]	October 9, 2019
Chauncey K. Robinson	fresh	The Twisted Girl Next Door	The drama around Joker is overblown, mainly due to the media and people inserting messages in the film that aren't actually there.	October 9, 2019
Jonathan Roberts	rotten	The New Paper (Singapore)	With no huge plot surprises, it's another case of waiting for a film to make reveals you had figured out much earlier. Less "Ta-daa", more "Ta-duh".	October 9, 2019
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	"...a provocatively toxic time capsule for an era of misguided rage."	October 9, 2019
Rhys Tarling	fresh	Isolated Nation	The elements really came together for this unique one-off.	October 9, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Joker is a highly devastating, deeply disturbing, and devilishly twisted story of a tortured man that excels in every level, especially Joaquin Phoenix's masterful performance.	October 8, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Joker is effective art in the service of a worldview that endorses a double standard.	October 8, 2019
Rodrigo Garay	fresh	Butaca Ancha	Humorous elements do not appear to justify the criminal act or to alleviate it. They actually emphasize the grotesque character of the violence [Full Review in Spanish]	October 8, 2019
Forrest Cardamenis	rotten	MUBI	Joker is replete with the signifiers of great cinema, all dialed up so heavily that they could denote parody if the film were not so serious.	October 8, 2019
Oggs Cruz	fresh	Rappler	Joker indeed flourishes in abject vileness. It fetishizes the full extent of human savagery and rationalizes hate in a society that has become too crowded for its own good.	October 8, 2019
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	...a lamentably erratic endeavor that nevertheless fares better than most comic-book-inspired releases...	October 8, 2019
Kent Garrison	rotten	Mad About Movies Podcast	Todd Phillips attempts to deliver a complex character study in the guise of a comic book film, but does so without any use of nuance or subtlety whatsoever.	October 8, 2019
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	While Joker's ambition makes it interesting, it never follows through on the threads that deliver the most impactful messages.	October 8, 2019
Damien Straker	rotten	Impulse Gamer	In Joker, a suitably creepy lead performance by Joaquin Phoenix is undermined by heavy-handed direction and a clunky screenplay.	October 8, 2019
Wade Major	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	A rather extraordinary movie... Ultimately, it is a study of the instability in the mind, the outer instability in the world, and what happens when those two things lay over each other in an extremely volatile way.	October 8, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	A violent chaotic world beats down and then elevates a psychopath in this origin story. In the title role Joaquin Phoenix is brilliant. Even when the movie makes you want to turn your head he demands you keep your eyes on him.	October 7, 2019
Alison Rowat	fresh	The Herald (Scotland)	For all the film's faults and manipulations, I was not bored for a second, and that is due to Phoenix, who gives his all as only he can.	October 7, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	The film is impressively lurid, with a freak-out performance from Joaquin Phoenix... But even as it feels very of-the-moment, the film is indulgent and rather too lurid to take seriously.	October 7, 2019
Jack Blackwell	fresh	One Room With A View	Joker is an effectively disquieting character study featuring a great Joaquin Phoenix performance that doesn't actually court any of the controversy it's received.	October 7, 2019
Jourdain Searles	rotten	okayplayer	It's a ripoff of the highest order, borrowing from greater filmmakers without the nuance or intelligence to make the entire enterprise worthwhile.	October 7, 2019
Tasha Robinson	fresh	The Verge	It's hypnotic just how horrifying Arthur's existence is, just as Phoenix's performance is hypnotic as he spirals from fragile hope into increasingly outsized and confident acts of destruction.	October 7, 2019
Ani Bundel	rotten	NBC News THINK	It turns out the piece of art that has caused such an uproar is nothing more than an incoherent, misbegotten and embarrassingly dull two hours.	October 7, 2019
Emily Asher-Perrin	rotten	Tor.com	It's unclear if the movie thinks that the Joker doesn't know that his statement is political, or the film itself doesn't understand it's own political nature[...]	October 7, 2019
Lisa Kennedy	rotten	AARP Movies for Grownups	As well made as Joker is, there is little here to delight in beyond Phoenix's performance.	October 7, 2019
Rob Dean	rotten	Bullz-Eye.com	Joker is a soulless retread that hopes to masquerade in the flesh of a Martin Scorsese/Paul Schrader film in an attempt to seem edgy or dark but is ultimately defiantly mediocre at best and an utter sham at worst.	October 7, 2019
Chase Whale	rotten	ChaseWhale.com	A derivative movie that exploits mental illness and violence	October 7, 2019
Michael Ward	rotten	Should I See It	There's a cowardice about all of this which is really hard to ignore.	October 7, 2019
Emma Simmonds	fresh	Radio Times	Joker, on the other hand, feels like a damning indictment of societal ills, a study in how real monsters are made; it's a film that's desperately, maybe even depressingly relevant.	October 7, 2019
Phoebe Chen	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	In aping the ambition and prestige of its motley influences, Joker winds up with a bungled understanding of its own relation to violence.	October 7, 2019
Marisa Carpico	rotten	The Pop Break	For all the handwringing over Joker's release to call it dangerous simply imbues it with more coherence and power than it actually has.	October 7, 2019
Rex Reed	fresh	Observer	A movie that borders on genius-repellant, dark, terrifying, disgusting, brilliant and unforgettable.	October 7, 2019
William Venegas	fresh	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	The filmic language that one can break down has an unambiguous achievement: to give the film the code of a classic epic and avoid the banality of a meaningless comic. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 7, 2019
Tom Augustine	rotten	New Zealand Herald	So intently focused as he is on crafting an edgy and grown-up vision of the Batman world, Phillips sacrifices consistent character development, good scripting and editing.	October 7, 2019
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	Whilst the movie lacks depth somewhat, it's undeniably haunting and unnerving - Phoenix is monstrously good in the titular role.	October 7, 2019
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Cinematography, art direction and Phoenix's performance are the draws here; the story is so derivative, drawn out, empty and vapid that the film's biggest fault is that it drags.	October 7, 2019
Marianna Neal	fresh	Impression Blend	It's not a movie I'm likely to be watching again, but the visuals, atmosphere, and the lead performance are incredibly strong.	October 7, 2019
Eli Glasner	fresh	CBC News Network	There's a moment when he crystalizes into the character, we see it coming, but it arrives with a monstrous sort of grace.	October 7, 2019
Victoria Alexander	fresh	Las Vegas Informer	Brilliant. See it and there is no need to see any other film in 2019.	October 7, 2019
Stephen Silver	rotten	Splice Today	Not nearly as compelling as the weeks of controversy leading up to its release would indicate. It's both completely ridiculous and ill-conceived	October 7, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	From the Front Row	As a gritty comic book villain origin story Joker mostly works on its own merits, but when it tries to match Scorsese's righteous fury, it feels like little more than a pale imitation.	October 7, 2019
Dominic Griffin	fresh	The Armchair Auteur	{Joker} is one of Joaquin Phoenix's top five performances ever, one that is interesting, compelling and capable of carrying the entire film on its back...	October 6, 2019
Jonita Davis	fresh	The Black Cape	'Joker' is a slow-burn psychological thriller that often feels like it's hitting a little too close to home.	October 6, 2019
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	Joker is a better film the further writer/director Phillips stays away from the movie's comic book origins and hones in on Arthur's wavering grasp on sanity.	October 6, 2019
Joel Mayward	fresh	Cinemayward	It's an appropriate film for its eponymous antagonist...repellent in its wanton depravity, it's still maddeningly captivating, and sure to spark strong reactions.	October 6, 2019
Oscar Goff	fresh	Boston Hassle	While I can't say I was entirely won over by Joker's thrall in itself, I also can't deny its achievements.	October 6, 2019
Robert Daniels	rotten	Mediaversity Reviews	Joker suggests that mental health issues require government funding-a narrative that would actually be progressive, if the film stopped there.	October 6, 2019
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	Less Falling Down and more Fight Club, an anti-hero discovers the power of invisibility, self-delusion, and murder before bringing all three to bear in choosing evil... it's a literal shot in the face that makes one think...	October 6, 2019
Tim Brennan	fresh	About Boulder	I can't say that Joker is a great film. Todd Phillips, Joaquin Phoenix, and the cast and crew have made a very good movie that's sure to polarize audiences and, like Fight Club, is sure to be misunderstood.	October 6, 2019
Dennis Schwartz	rotten	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	The chilling take away I got is that the cackling laugh of the Joker gets into your head, as if the filmmaker thinks that's enough to explain this sad mental illness story.	October 6, 2019
Mark Kermode	fresh	Observer (UK)	Joker looks set to have the last laugh.	October 6, 2019
Siddhant Adlakha	rotten	Firstpost	It's admittedly hard to imagine a film like Joker inspiring real-world violence - or inspiring much of anything.	October 6, 2019
Jorge (JJ) Negrete	rotten	Butaca Ancha	Joker is not challenging, daring or risky in the least, on the contrary, Phillips adheres with discipline to the rules of the now old New Hollywood and proves to be a docile student, not a visionary. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 6, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	Phoenix, an actor capable of overcooking a performance, gets it spot-on, delivering a tour de force.	October 6, 2019
Tom Shone	rotten	Sunday Times (UK)	Phillips does everything except have someone holding up a placard reading "It's time to take the Joker seriously."	October 6, 2019
Edwin Arnaudin	fresh	Asheville Movies	The kind of rich, complex movie DC has been trying and failing to make ever since The Dark Knight Rises.	October 5, 2019
Nathanael Hood	fresh	Nate Hood Reviews	It's brazen rejection of subtext in favor of brash surface literalism is downright Samuel Fullerian.	October 5, 2019
Sarah Ksiazek	fresh	The MacGuffin	The crowning achievement of Joker, other than Joaquin Phoenix's acting, is the film's score. Hildur Gunadttir composed one of the most iconic scores of the year. It is not an understatement that her score made the film for me.	October 5, 2019
PJ Nabarro	rotten	Patrick Nabarro	All the worst inflections of comic book origin fetish, dangerously misunderstanding complex themes from Scorsese's films, and glibly piggybacking on zeitgeisty social issues.	October 5, 2019
Karen M. Peterson	rotten	Citizen Dame	Much like the Joker himself, Joaquin Phoenix is a performance artist who uses audacity and shock as substitutes for depth.	October 5, 2019
Zaki Hasan	fresh	Zaki's Corner	Joker is raw, unsettling, and experimental, anchored by an absolutely mesmerizing central performance.	October 5, 2019
Brett McCracken	fresh	The Gospel Coalition	Joker is the perfect bogeyman for our age, embodying the toxic, corrosive power of an entertainment-obsessed, hyper-mediated society of spectacle.	October 5, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Bravo, and guess who'll have the last laugh when the Best Actor votes are counted.	October 5, 2019
Joe Friar	fresh	The Victoria Advocate	The gritty look and dark tone of Todd Phillips' origins story is exactly the treatment needed for the sinister supervillain. With Scorsese overtones and Phoenix in one of his best performances classify this under Masterpiece.	October 5, 2019
Travis Hopson	fresh	Punch Drunk Critics	While you're not going to see any capes or super-powers, certain allusions made only serve to take you out of the moment and muddy what the movie's true intentions are.	October 5, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	The Taxi Driver of comic book movies.	October 5, 2019
Chris Wasser	fresh	The Herald (Ireland)	It's a piece of art; a dark, devastating yet mesmerising offering, in which Phoenix - whose magnetic and eerily graceful Joker hobbles and dances his way from mentally unstable loser to despicable murderer - gives the performance of a lifetime.	October 5, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	rotten	Alternative Lens	Joker is to Martin Scorsese what Battleship was to Michael Bay; an empty attempt at imitation that confuses aesthetics and homage for quality and flattery.	October 5, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	... no matter how much Phillips, Phoenix and the DC/Warner Brothers corporate brains trust want it to be some profound examination of masculine malaise, this too is just a comic book movie.	October 5, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	A multi-layered cautionary tale about the perils of living in a divisive, heartless urban jungle, the movie gains momentum midway and descends into a maelstrom of grotesque violence.	October 5, 2019
Vincent Schilling	fresh	Indian Country Today	I enjoyed the dark twists of Joker, mirrored by the twisting of Pheonix's body. But even with a masterful performance by Phoenix, I struggled with yet another attack on the origin of the comic villain I grew up with.	October 5, 2019
David Ocadiz	fresh	Cinergtica	One of the best films of the year without a doubt. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Kevin Fallon	rotten	The Daily Beast	It's the same old song over and over again, a cultural record scratch. Send in the clowns...	October 4, 2019
Randall King	fresh	Winnipeg Free Press	Phoenix's take on the character, whose scars are all on the inside, might explain how a person gets that way. Beyond that, it's best to watch Joker under the assumption it's a one-off.	October 4, 2019
Arturo Magaa	fresh	Cine Premiere	Arthur Fleck's transformation to the enigmatic Joker ends up being a bucket of ice water for the viewer. Because what we see on the screen is no longer part of a fictional universe and instead becomes a reflection of reality. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	fresh	Cinexcepcin	It falls short as an agent of chaos: because it has a reason, a story, an explanation, a cause ... but not a will. Despite this it ends well-enough and unsettling enough. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Quim Casas	fresh	Sensacine	Essential. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Rob Vaux	fresh	Sci-Fi Movie Page	We get the monsters we deserve.	October 4, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	rotten	L.A. Biz	Joker is certainly an interesting and worthy experiment, bringing a dark, unrelenting nihilism to a genre that's built on morality.	October 4, 2019
Chris Gore	fresh	Film Threat	...the most radical film to come from a major studio since Fight Club.	October 4, 2019
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	"Joker" is a character study laced with societal commentary, more art-house than blockbuster. And in a world of ready-made superhero franchises, it's so bold, it's shocking.	October 4, 2019
John Campea	fresh	The John Campea Show	What happens when a broken person is immersed in a broken environment. A question brilliantly asked by JOKER.	October 4, 2019
Mike McGranaghan	rotten	Aisle Seat	What should have been the most electrifying comic book picture of the year is actually one of its most shocking duds.	October 4, 2019
Lucero Caldern	fresh	Excelsior	Much of this great achievement as a director is due, no doubt, to the three-time Oscar nominee, Joaquin Phoenix, who delivers one of the best performances of his career. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Jaby Koay	fresh	GET Jaby	All the positive things you've heard about [Joaquin Phoenix] as the Joker are true. He is absolutely fantastic... That performance alone is worth the price of admission.	October 4, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	rotten	The Oklahoman	Joker is overly long, thematically murky and narratively uneven, with an unnecessary ending that, like a bad greasepaint job, ruthlessly highlights the film's flaws rather than concealing them.	October 4, 2019
Matt Miller	rotten	Esquire Magazine	It is a deeply unpleasant movie. You'll walk away depressed, wondering if there's any good left in the world.	October 4, 2019
Beth Accomando	rotten	KPBS.org	One of the main problems I have with the film is its inability to decide what it wants to be.	October 4, 2019
Tatat Bunnag	fresh	Bangkok Post	By the time the movie is over, you will find yourself fully invested and ready to watch his journey continue. Well, if there's ever another one.	October 4, 2019
Stephen Garrett	fresh	Book & Film Globe	Joker has two scenes that are absolutely brilliant.	October 4, 2019
Theresa Smith	fresh	Weekend Special (South Africa)	Intense and disturbing, Joker is a well-crafted movie, if rather open-ended in its intentions.	October 4, 2019
Phumlani S Langa	fresh	City Press (South Africa)	For me, The Joker is one of the top features released this year.	October 4, 2019
Mark Goodyear	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Joker is a disturbing look through the eyes of a mad man who blames the world for his insanity, one told via career-best work from Todd Phillips and the performance of a lifetime by Joaquin Phoenix.	October 4, 2019
Matthew Lickona	fresh	San Diego Reader	If there is a meaningful difference between performing and acting, Joaquin Phoenix surely exemplifies the former here, creepily contorting as the Clown Prince of Crime in Todd Phillips' timely, toxic take on the Making of a Murdering Madman.	October 4, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	fresh	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	This is probably the least comic-book "comic-book movie" ever, as writer/director Todd Phillips (with a writing assist from Scott Silver) shows us a bleak world devoid of heroes of any shape or form.	October 4, 2019
Michael Lee	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Ultimately, Joker is near Shakespearean in its tragic scope. It's Macbeth for the comic book movie generation, and easily the most morally complex comic book film since The Dark Knight.	October 4, 2019
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	Joker will grab you and hold you. Listen to it.	October 4, 2019
Karen Han	rotten	Polygon	Phillips' flashes of style are all in service of a grimdark image rather than a message about the haves and have-nots, or the treatment of mental illness, or any of the other, real issues so easily within reach. It's all show, and no substance.	October 4, 2019
Megan Basham	rotten	WORLD	It's impossible not to feel empathy for this excruciatingly sad clown... Ultimately though, Joker fails because of its genre. The character has to hit those DC marks.	October 4, 2019
Ryan Syrek	rotten	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Watching an emaciated creeper do several "kooky underpants dances" is definitely somebody's idea of a good time. It is just not mine.	October 4, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	As the title character, Phoenix is an unnerving ticking time bomb that slowly erupts on screen -- building to a explosive crescendo in the excellent final act.	October 4, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	[Phoenix] moves like a balletic contortionist spider, all limbs and big shoes and flapping bell-bottoms. When he explodes into full-bore killer clown mode, his release is not entirely monstrous; it's also heartbreaking.	October 4, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	Many moments in "Joker" are pretentious and derivative, but when Phoenix turns his dead eyes toward you, all you see is him and the nightmare scenario surging in his heart and mind.	October 4, 2019
Matthew Rozsa	rotten	Salon.com	While it succeeds in aping the superficial aspects of [Martin] Scorsese's style, "Joker" lacks the intelligence or gravitas of Scorsese's best work.	October 4, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	fresh	The Film Yap	A dark, deranged and often mesmerizing take on the superhero genre. The sort of movie that crawls into your guts and stays there awhile.	October 4, 2019
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Todd Phillips has made a surprisingly austere and relentlessly dark origin film. Arthur Fleck aka Joker is this generation's Travis Bickle.	October 4, 2019
Spencer Perry	fresh	ComingSoon.net	Joker is a tough watch that is not entirely rewarding but is ambitious enough to swing for the fences when it sees the opportunity.	October 4, 2019
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	The film works as social awareness as much as it does as a performance vehicle for Joaquin Phoenix. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Michael Smith	fresh	Tulsa World	"Joker" effectively tells a story with themes borrowed, but not stolen, from movies like "Taxi Driver" and "Network" and makes them its own platform through its own disturbed form of avenging angel.	October 4, 2019
Piers Marchant	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	There's... a strong sense that Phillips is brandishing this bleakness as a kind of affect, like the rich kid who wears his brand new black leather jacket to a punk show but only after intentionally scuffing it against the grill of his Bentley first.	October 4, 2019
Jeff Beck	fresh	The Blu Spot	As an origin story it's rather compelling to see what drove the man down the path we know he has to eventually tread, and as a character study it's equally captivating to see the effects it has on the man himself.	October 4, 2019
Kristen Lopez	rotten	Culturess	Joker is a self-serious movie that, in spite of its lead, posits itself as revolutionary when it never hovers above bland and tasteless.	October 4, 2019
Kiko Martinez	fresh	San Antonio Current	The most audacious comic-book-inspired film ever made; one that doubles-down on its depravity with no remorse. That said, it's impossible not to become hypnotized by its external beauty and indiscriminate brutality.	October 4, 2019
Chauncey K. Robinson	fresh	People's World	Joker is ultimately an-in-your face examination of a broken class system that creates its own monsters. It's a gritty and morbidly beautiful journey with little comfort to spare, but many messages to mull over.	October 4, 2019
Emmanuel Noisette	fresh	The Movie Blog	Joker is a captivating and insanely brilliant presentation of the classic comic book villain thanks to the award worthy performance by Joaquin Phoenix.	October 4, 2019
Mario Alegre	fresh	Prxima Tanda	Phoenix's performance is monumental, a black hole of agony and despair that attracts everything else in the film towards him, consuming it in its deep and inescapable darkness. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Lisa Johnson Mandell	rotten	AtHomeInHollywood.com	One of the most gratuitously grim films of the decade, you can't help but wonder for whom the film rolls.	October 4, 2019
Kyle Wilson	fresh	The Lamplight Review	Joker is an impressive achievement on many levels, but the sloppy mixed message of the film and the near torturous dread of the entire outing leave very little entertainment to be had.	October 4, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	It's dark, violent and unsettling, but it's also extremely thoughtful and executed to perfection. If you do choose to see it, it will stick with you for a long time.	October 4, 2019
Alci Rengifo	rotten	Entertainment Voice	What Arthur is meant to represent or convey is a mystery only Phillips might understand, because all he evokes on screen is aimless pain, which many people do actually endure but should a film simply be despair for entertainment and nothing more?	October 4, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	This is a fascinating movie, but I wouldn't call it fun.	October 4, 2019
Ivn Belmont	fresh	Konexin	A great work and an example of how great the comic-based cinema can be if it is risky enough, with the sole purpose of presenting a more complex, mature and rewarding proposal. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 4, 2019
Daniel M. Kimmel	rotten	New England Movies Weekly	Director Phillips, best known for the inane Hangover movies, wants to show he can be serious and profound, but has bitten off more than he can chew.	October 4, 2019
Robert Horton	rotten	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	A sour, incoherent jumble, redeemed only by Joaquin Phoenix's astonishing performance in the central role.	October 4, 2019
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	The movie gets off to a strangely muted start, and even fans of the DC comics in which the demented clown has been giving Batman so much guff for the past 80 years may grow restless.	October 4, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	This movie will hit you hard emotionally and also leave you conflicted over how you feel about the title character, who is considered one of Batman's biggest foes but also one of the most formidable villains in the entire comic-book universe.	October 4, 2019
Josh Wilding	fresh	ComicBookMovie.com	One of the best comic book movies of all-time, Joker takes us to some dark places but it's a richly rewarding (and haunting) experience which is anchored by an unbelievable performance from Joaquin Phoenix. It's a masterpiece.	October 4, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	Who knew that Phillips had this kind of haunting, violent and grime-encrusted effort in him?	October 4, 2019
Nicholas Bell	rotten	IONCINEMA.com	Its glaring fault is its indecisiveness toward its eponymous malefactor, whose very name means to do evil or harm. The attempt to have it both ways simply does not work.	August 30, 2019
Karl Delossantos	rotten	Smash Cut Reviews	The characters surrounding Maleficent became caricatures as if they were pulled directly from a cartoon.	August 8, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	It's a beautifully designed film, and James Newton Howard's fantastical score is one of his best in years. But what Maleficent most lacks isn't something you can see or hear, it's something you can feel.	July 5, 2019
Adam Lubitow	rotten	Rochester City Newspaper	A fundamentally misguided interpretation of the title character, one that seems to misunderstand what drew people to her in the first place.	March 14, 2019
Paula Fleri-Soler	fresh	Times of Malta	While it may in moments be a bit dark for very young ones, it is a great family film, worthy of the Disney canon.	March 6, 2019
Amie Simon	rotten	Three Imaginary Girls	... my long-time worship of the character likely makes me a little extra critical-and I'm sure others will love and appreciate it just as it is (hi, Mom!).	March 2, 2019
Micheal Compton	rotten	Bowling Green Daily News	This version of "Sleeping Beauty" is a snoozer, a plodding and predictable film that never recovers after a dreadful prologue.	February 1, 2019
Amanda Greever	fresh	The Daily Times (Tennessee)	Maleficent is another worthy entry in the Mouse House's catalog, proving this 91-year-old company is still a relevant, vital part of global culture.	January 31, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	For those who either enjoy seeing inventive variations on a theme and/or who can take Maleficent on its own terms -- and for anyone who likes to see Jolie playing powerful women -- this is a great time, and a rather lovely one.	January 15, 2019
Emily Asher-Perrin	fresh	Tor.com	[Angelina Jolie is] funny, powerful, treacherous, and anything but a cardboard cut-out of cackling evil. Maleficent shines in her hands.	January 9, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	Angelina Jolie is good in the film, and I do think kids will dig this movie.	December 14, 2018
Jeremy Jahns	fresh	JeremyJahns.com	They could have upped the stakes, made the ending better...I'm not looking for the deepest movie ever from a Disney live action thing...surprisingly enough, Maleficent was a good time.	December 14, 2018
Nathalia Aryani	fresh	San Diego Entertainer	Maleficent may not be necessarily magnificent, but if you're a Disney fan, it's enchanting enough to see on the big screen.	December 14, 2018
Kaori Shoji	rotten	Japan Times	Maleficent leaves most ends dangling sloppily, much like the creepy crawlies that hang from the trees in Aurora's enchanted forest.	December 14, 2018
Eli Glasner	rotten	CBC News	Though promising the audience an alternative tale of a world we thought we knew, Maleficent coddles rather than challenges us.	December 14, 2018
Rachit Gupta	fresh	Filmfare	If your adult mind doesn't reject the ideas that fairy tales taught you as a kid, Maleficent can offer you a wonderful ride full of hope and love with the adequate twist.	December 14, 2018
Emily Estep	fresh	Film School Rejects	Maleficent is really all about Maleficent - her story, her world, her insanely fierce eyebrows. At the edge of that world, small details start to fall apart. But hey, the movie is called Maleficent, right?	December 14, 2018
Matt Goldberg	rotten	Collider	Maleficent isn't really an adaptation of Sleeping Beauty. It's an adaptation of a screen saver.	December 14, 2018
Barbara Vancheri	fresh	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	All along the way, it challenges moviegoers about labels of heroes and villains and just who we are silently cheering.	December 14, 2018
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	Sporting ruby-red lips, coloured contacts and swan-shaped horns, Angelina Jolie hasn't been as impressive since her Academy Award winning turn in Girl, Interrupted...	December 14, 2018
Jyoti Sharma Bawa	fresh	Hindustan Times	The film relooks at the Sleeping Beauty tale from a feminist point of view. It is no longer the witches tale we all knew where the queen is bad for the sake of being bad.	December 14, 2018
Philippa Hawker	fresh	The Age (Australia)	It's a splendid-looking film. The effects are striking throughout, whether they are dramatic battle confrontations between humans and the forces of the natural world, or small moments of delicate detail.	December 14, 2018
Sarah Ward	fresh	ArtsHub	Maleficent looks the part in an effort pleasant to watch, but is, of course, unlikely to replace its predecessor as the version of record.	December 14, 2018
Richard Lawson	rotten	Vanity Fair	Maleficent makes two fatal mistakes, the first being a problem of narrative.	December 13, 2018
Tara Brady	fresh	Irish Times	Angelina Jolie is unimpeachably well cast as the hitherto evil - now merely misunderstood - sorceress who, outraged by patriarchal abuse, does what she does to the region's fairest princess.	December 13, 2018
Charlie Jane Anders	fresh	io9.com	I will forgive a movie almost anything if it has a solid grasp of story, and Maleficent does.	December 13, 2018
Jill Pantozzi	fresh	The Mary Sue	This certainly isn't the Maleficent you know and love, but that's a very good thing.	December 13, 2018
Lauren Bradshaw	fresh	Cloture Club	Maleficent is obviously the best Disney villain. If anyone deserves his/her own movie, it's her.	December 13, 2018
Yolanda Machado	fresh	SassyMamaInLA	Overall - a fantastic fairy tale for today's new family.	December 13, 2018
Kat Hughes	fresh	THN	Though on paper it is not exactly the sort of children's film you'd expect, what with the story focusing on the villain, it does show children that there are two sides to every story.	December 13, 2018
Don Kaye	rotten	Den of Geek	Unfortunately, Maleficent the movie is not just a crashing bore, but it's a perfect example of filmmaking by corporate mandate.	December 13, 2018
John Lekich	fresh	Georgia Straight	You may think you know what happens next. But the real thrill of Maleficent is that it keeps us guessing.	December 13, 2018
Maricar Estrella	fresh	Fort Worth Star-Telegram/DFW.com	Undoubtedly, Jolie's performance will be touted as elegantly evil, but it's Elle Fanning's effervescence as Aurora that really makes this film glow.	December 13, 2018
Vernica Snchez Marn	fresh	En Filme	Elle Fanning again yields a great performance in her secondary role of a charming princess. [Full review in Spanish]	December 13, 2018
Gonzalo Hernndez Espinosa	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	There is courage in it, from the perspective it chooses... and above all an outstanding performance. [Full review in Spanish]	December 13, 2018
Wendy Ide	rotten	Times (UK)	Jolie's skills and range as an actress are barely tapped into in this undemanding role.	December 13, 2018
Saundra Sorenson	fresh	Willamette Week	When Disney attempts to flip its own script, and shorten the princess's nap, and give us a frankly charisma-free prince, it all plays off as apologism.	December 6, 2018
Zaki Hasan	fresh	Zaki's Corner	Maleficent serves as a perfect example of why [Angelina] Jolie is one of the most in-demand actors on the planet.	November 16, 2018
PJ Nabarro	fresh	Patrick Nabarro	Its digressions shed a novel light on its otherwise over-familiar story, without losing the uplifting, fablistic ethos in the process.	November 12, 2018
Frank Ochieng	rotten	SF Crowsnest	Maleficent should be more than just a Hollywood-style middle-aged mean girl with a copycat Norma Desmond-like disposition drowning in amusement park-inspired theatrics.	November 10, 2018
Debbie Baldwin	fresh	Ladue News	Jolie is amazing here. She makes the iconic sorceress equal parts vicious and vulnerable. Between her performance and the spectacular special effects, you almost don't see the mediocre movie going on in the background.	November 3, 2018
Johnny Gayzmonic	rotten	Fanboys of the Universe	A shaky, yet enjoyable film that rests entirely on Angelina Jolie's impeccably crafted cheekbones.	November 2, 2018
Jennifer Heaton	rotten	Alternative Lens	Maleficent ends up doing little to make this tired old tale seem any more interesting and actually does more to destroy it.	November 1, 2018
Aaron Peterson	fresh	The Hollywood Outsider	Maleficent changes the story you know, there is simply no getting around that. It also manages to give us a spiteful but well-rounded villain to understand.	October 23, 2018
Nguyen Le	rotten	The Script Lab	I've just watched Snow White and the Huntsman again, wondering about all the potential it could've reached. And that is the real evil here.	October 10, 2018
Anne Brodie	fresh	What She Said	This is a radical retelling of the old fairy tale. Traditionalists will be shocked by this version but there is all new humanity in it.	August 29, 2018
Marcianne Miller	fresh	Bold Life (Hendersonville, NC)	Angelina Jolie was beyond perfection -- she wasn't playing the role of the wronged fairy -- she was the fairy, raging in all her queenly grief and vengeful fury, and lovely in her otherworldly beauty.	August 24, 2018
Asia Frey	fresh	Lagniappe (Mobile, AL)	Angelina Jolie is so perfectly cast as Maleficent that she should truly consider keeping those horns.	August 22, 2018
Eve Tushnet	rotten	The American Spectator	The dialogue is aggressively bland; it's the worst part of the movie by far.	August 7, 2018
Tom Fitzgerald and Lorenzo Marquez	rotten	Tom & Lorenzo	There are times when it's fun, but it's never as fun as it could've and should've been.	June 19, 2018
Oggs Cruz	rotten	Rappler	Maleficent imagines itself to be hip and modern. It is not.	April 10, 2018
Camilla Long	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	Perhaps the only straightforward thing about it is its linear narrative, which in the days of endless flashbacks and flashforwards feels almost revolutionary.	January 5, 2018
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	It's a "good" movie, but it's hard to walk away without feeling like something was off - the story, the king, take your pick.	November 21, 2017
Reagan Gavin Rasquinha	fresh	The Times of India	All in all, an imaginative take on the old classic.	November 14, 2017
Sarah Marrs	rotten	Cinesnark	An eye for visuals is not the same thing as being capable of visually telling an interesting story.	October 20, 2017
Francesca Rudkin	fresh	New Zealand Herald	Maleficent takes no time at all to charm you with its glossy good looks, but it takes a little longer to draw you in on an emotional level, but thanks to Angelina Jolie's ability to convincingly be both the villain and the hero, it gets there.	September 8, 2017
Brigit Grant	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	On the basis that most of us are happy staring right back at Ms Jolie, you get what you pay for, and with the added bonus of scenery that looks good enough to serve at a children's party.	August 18, 2017
Peg Aloi	fresh	Patheos	Maleficent is genuinely entertaining, beautiful, and thought-provoking.	August 8, 2017
Lisa Rosman	rotten	Signature	As Maleficent dawdles along, it not only veers from Disney's traditional values but also - alas, alack - from the studio's recent foray into girl power.	August 4, 2017
Eleanor Ringel Cater	fresh	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	Jolie's charisma has always been even more powerful than her considerable cheekbones (and they are even more considerable here). She strides through the movie as if she owns, not only it, but the theater and the audience as well.	July 7, 2017
Tara Thorne	rotten	The Coast (Halifax, Nova Scotia)	The final battle, where Maleficent takes on her ex and his army, is exciting and horrible, but the movie leading up to it feels like an underwritten outline: Good > Bad > Good? > Dragon.	March 9, 2017
Sonny Bunch	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	Jolie is perfectly suited for the role, letting everyone know with her eyes when she's just funnin' and when she's actually angry.	July 14, 2016
Becky Suter	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	[Disney] has learned plenty from Pixar's special move of subverting traditional perceptions of good and evil, mixing it with the love of a good origins story ( la Marvel) and with an added dash of wry humour that works for kids and grown ups alike.	July 11, 2016
Nathan Bartlebaugh	rotten	The Film Stage	A muddy experience, both visually and thematically, although Angelina Jolie vibrates with a radiant camp intensity that demands a better, more confident movie.	June 6, 2016
Bill Newcott	rotten	AARP Movies for Grownups	There are some Lord of the Rings-knockoff battle scenes between the evil humans and the good-hearted fairies-who live as one with nature, share everything, and need no government whatsoever ("Fairies of the World Unite!").	April 18, 2016
J. Olson	fresh	Cinemixtape	Its highs are modest, but it never shortchanges its audience on spectacle or thoughtfulness or loving but frustrated nostalgia for its source material.	April 15, 2016
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	An unintentional #YesAllWomen fable.	July 14, 2015
J.C. Maek III	fresh	PopMatters	Maleficent became one of Disney's premiere baddies because she was so dark and menacing in the first place. This is far from a mere "humanizing" of the character, but a worthy adventure in its own right.	November 4, 2014
Jeff Beck	fresh	Examiner.com	"Maleficent" is a fascinating spin on an old tale that gives us the unique opportunity to explore the story from a different point of view.	November 3, 2014
Graham Young	fresh	Birmingham Mail	While little is properly explained - hence the excessive narration - the scene where Jolie clutches her chest while howling for her beautiful wings, is deeply moving.	October 10, 2014
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	This is how you update a classic tale!	September 21, 2014
John Beifuss	fresh	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	For all its digital spectacle and redundant action-violence it understands the power of the fraught gesture, the soft word, the shadowed expressionistic closeup: Jolie is photographed as lovingly and spookily here as Simone Simon in "Cat People."	September 4, 2014
Brian Gibson	rotten	Vue Weekly (Edmonton, Alberta)	Jolie's devilish best is smothered by a ploddingly safe movie insisting on vague goodness and badness, utterly redeeming a villain, and children being the very cutest-shmoopiest creatures in the world, oh-aren't-they-just?	August 6, 2014
Mark Hughes	rotten	Forbes	Tonally, the story never knows whether it wants to be a kids' movie, a comedy, an action-driven fantasy, or a remake rooted more in the "dark and gritty" tradition of the original fairy tales on which it is based.	August 1, 2014
Scott Mendelson	rotten	Forbes	That the film is arguably far too emotionally and psychologically bleak for its target audience would be excusable, even laudable, if it were better.	August 1, 2014
Widgett Walls	rotten	Needcoffee.com	Disney's #1 villain...they've turned her into a glorified nanny and a prankster.	July 17, 2014
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	whenever the film threatens to sink into CGI oblivion or narrative clunkiness, Jolie is there to save the day with her screen-grabbing presence	July 10, 2014
Eric Melin	rotten	Scene-Stealers.com	There's several moments where the titular character sits around watching other people and waiting for things to happen. In order to re-invent it from her POV, there were bound to be a lot of things that don't make sense, such as believable motivations.	July 10, 2014
Bruce Bennett	rotten	Spectrum (St. George, Utah)	No Jolie can't carry this film, but there is plenty of blame to go around.	July 5, 2014
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	The material seems too dark and violent for the target demographic, who could have difficulty finding a rooting interest in characters that possess more degrees of villainy than heroism.	June 30, 2014
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	...remains surprisingly faithful to the original while recreating the title character... You only think you know the story (but this one - in many ways - is so much better).	June 22, 2014
David Poland	rotten	TNT's Rough Cut		June 21, 2014
Anthony Lane	rotten	New Yorker	As for the screenplay, by Linda Woolverton, it treads carefully, and all too kindly, in the footsteps of "Wicked" ...	June 16, 2014
Andrea Chase	rotten	Killer Movie Reviews	Taking as its visual reference the classic Disney animated film about Sleeping Beauty, it is a much darker tale, and far less interesting, despite an arresting performance by Angelina Jolie.	June 15, 2014
Margaret Pomeranz	rotten	At the Movies (Australia)	Giant holes in the plot are papered over by Janet McTeer's earnest narration, improbabilities abound, and it all seems longer than it actually is	June 11, 2014
Diva Velez	fresh	TheDivaReview.com	Aside from being admirable as a rare girl-friendly film in a summer of boydom, if you're coming to see Maleficent it's to watch Angelina Jolie devour of the scenery in the role she was born for. The camp factor alone is worth the price of admission	June 9, 2014
Dave White	fresh	Movies.com	Passes all the tests Bechdel could invent short of sending adult Aurora off in the arms of a lesbian wood nymph.	June 8, 2014
Steve Biodrowski	rotten	Cinefantastique	The goofiest filmed version of classic literature since THE SCARLET LETTER was "freely adapted" from Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1995	June 7, 2014
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	It's clear immediately that first-time filmmaker Robert Stromberg isn't looking to reinvent the genre here...	June 7, 2014
Charles Koplinski	rotten	Illinois Times	An Unnecessary take on an Old Tale.	June 6, 2014
David Stratton	fresh	The Australian	This fairytale world is stunningly photographed by another Australian veteran Dean Semler, and the sets, costumes and design in general are of the first rank.	June 6, 2014
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	Angelina Jolie is magnificent playing the powerful, brooding, conflicted title character. Her familiar, Diaval (Sam Riley of 'Control') and the sweet princess (Elle Fanning) give strong supporting performances, too.	June 6, 2014
David Keyes	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	You gotta give a girl credit for this much: she does at least take us to some fascinating locales when supplied with a set of wings.	June 5, 2014
Aine O'Connor	fresh	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	It's a spectacular thing, the sets and shots matching Jolie's remarkable face.	June 5, 2014
Margot Harrison	rotten	Seven Days	With nobody to play against except her own bad self, even Maleficent is more of a striking objet d'art than a character.	June 5, 2014
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	The whole package is an entertaining spin on a classic story. It does not always work but it is an extravaganza of a movie.	June 5, 2014
Louis Black	fresh	Austin Chronicle	Imaginatively, it places all the known elements of the story in different contexts, completely recasting this familiar fairy tale into a more poignant and resonant work.	June 5, 2014
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	Is there anyone better suited to playing an enchantress? The best effect in the film is Jolie's face (augmented by master Rick Baker).	June 5, 2014
Matthew Toomey	rotten	ABC Radio Brisbane	It's a story that takes a long time to set up and get going.	June 5, 2014
Dan Lybarger	rotten	KC Active	With only her voice and her sense of bearing, Jolie effortlessly makes the notoriously wicked fairy seem real. Hardly anyone else involved in Maleficent seems to have that magic.	June 4, 2014
Tim Brayton	fresh	Antagony & Ecstasy	A pretty decent, though unmistakably flawed fantasy.	June 4, 2014
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	Another of Disney's female-empowerment yarns, and a worthy one at that.	June 4, 2014
Glenn Dunks	rotten	Junkee	As a film it is pretty bad: narratively confused, chock full of ugly visual effects, and populated with actors like Sharlto Copley and Elle Fanning, who are given little to do but walk around amongst green screens, looking lost.	June 4, 2014
Dan Hudak	rotten	Orlando Weekly	You can't blame Disney for wanting to put a new twist on a classic fairy tale, especially in an effort to show a new side to its most notoriously evil villain. Maleficent is just not a successful way of doing it.	June 4, 2014
Michael Dequina	rotten	TheMovieReport.com	How ironic--and disappointing--it is, then, that a film focused on one of the big bads for the ages is just about completely drained of menace or palpable danger.	June 4, 2014
Kenneth R. Morefield	rotten	Christianity Today	But comparing Wicked and Maleficent points out the problem: Maleficent is really just an inversion of a fairy tale, not a deconstruction.	June 3, 2014
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Darkly dazzling but, because of intense, sometimes terrifying imagery, it should be PG-13, not PG.	June 3, 2014
Ken Hanke	rotten	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	The best I can say about Maleficent is that it isn't as bad as I thought it would be, but that's faint praise indeed.	June 3, 2014
Neil Pond	rotten	American Profile	Jolie's star power can't stir up enough magic Disney pixie dust to keep this big fractured fairy tale from falling into its own cracks.	June 3, 2014
Richard Roeper	rotten	Richard Roeper.com	'Maleficent' is an admittedly great-looking, sometimes creepy.	June 2, 2014
Leonard Maltin	fresh	leonardmaltin.com	In "Maleficent" a lush fairy-tale world is created and the result is truly magical.	June 2, 2014
Gary Wolcott	fresh	Tri-City Herald	Definitely the baddest fairy of them all.	June 1, 2014
Marc Mohan	fresh	Oregonian	A moderately enchanting, sometimes thought-provoking corrective to the flaws in the story that inspired it.	June 1, 2014
Jonathan Romney	rotten	Observer (UK)	It's an icky affair: more Perry (Katy) than Perrault (Charles).	June 1, 2014
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	...still functions as a potent moral tale, this time with a particular awareness of patriarchal oppression.	June 1, 2014
Wilson Morales	fresh	BlackFilm.com	With Angelina Jolie as a force of nature in this magnificent fantasy, Disney has another entertaining family friendly adventure on their hands.	June 1, 2014
Mike McGranaghan	rotten	Aisle Seat	If you can get Angelina Jolie to play one of the most beloved villains in Disney history, why would you make this movie, which is so joyless and which lacks any real sense of playfulness or fun?	June 1, 2014
Scott Nash	fresh	Three Movie Buffs	The perfect marriage of actress and part.	June 1, 2014
Betty Jo Tucker	fresh	ReelTalk Movie Reviews	The most impressive thing about this wonderful film involves its creative presentation. Practically every scene comes across like an intriguing work of art.	June 1, 2014
Matt Brunson	fresh	Creative Loafing	Any weaknesses melt in the wake of Jolie's excellent work as the title figure.	May 31, 2014
Eric Kohn	fresh	indieWire	It's a technological marvel starring the world's biggest celebrity: the full weight of Hollywood spectacle incarnate.	May 31, 2014
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	Faltou apenas um diretor que conseguisse converter todos os bons elementos do filme em um novo clssico.	May 31, 2014
Burl Burlingame	fresh	Honolulu Star-Advertiser	It's interesting that Angelina Jolie can undergo four hours of professional Hollywood special effects makeup and wind up looking just like Grace Jones.	May 30, 2014
Victoria Alexander	fresh	Las Vegas Informer	"The awful thing about life is this: Everybody has their reasons." Maleficent has a very good reason. Sensational Jolie creates the character's evolving emotions purely with her face.	May 30, 2014
Mark Ellis	rotten	Schmoes Know	Like most evil villains in movies, "Maleficent" had all the tools to be very good...and it instead went down the wrong path.	May 30, 2014
Kristian Harloff	rotten	Schmoes Know	Overall though, "Maleficent" just can't muster much magic with it's arresting new take on the classic villain. This isn't the scariest creature in movie history anymore, it's just a woman who should've known better than to trust a guy.	May 30, 2014
Drew Taylor	rotten	The Playlist	...in 2014 the Mistress of All Evil is just another victim.	May 30, 2014
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	In the space of just a few scenes, the movie rights itself from its rickety beginning. The timeless appeal of the classic Sleeping Beauty fairytale belatedly kicks in, and Maleficent steadily grows in stature from there.	May 30, 2014
Fred Topel	fresh	CraveOnline	It was really about the mistakes parents make and the guilt that plagues them forever after those mistakes.	May 30, 2014
Eric D. Snider	rotten	GeekNation	Hey, kids! How would you like to see a new version of Disney's Sleeping Beauty that isn't animated and doesn't make any sense?	May 30, 2014
Annlee Ellingson	rotten	L.A. Biz	As fabulous as Maleficent is to look at--and it is fabulous--the film sacrifices story for design.	May 30, 2014
Roth Cornet	fresh	IGN Movies	The best thing about Maleficent is the actress playing the titular character. Angelina Jolie is captivating, funny, grounded yet appropriately theatrical, and entirely appealing as the dark and misunderstood fairy.	May 30, 2014
Anthony Morris	fresh	The Vine	The good news is, once Maleficent goes full evil Jolie really lets loose, sweeping through the film as a force of nature.	May 30, 2014
Kofi Outlaw	rotten	ScreenRant	In its attempt to depict the 'real story' of Sleeping Beauty, this Django Unchained of Disney fairy tales never soars as high as its bad-girl-gone-good namesake.	May 30, 2014
Ed Whitfield	rotten	The Ooh Tray	Imagine a Star Wars remake with the Emperor hugging Luke instead of trying to fry him with force lightning and you get the idea.	May 30, 2014
Kevin Carr	fresh	Fat Guys at the Movies	As Maleficent's movie, the movie works. However, if Angelina Jolie is not there to carry the scene, it's a chore to watch.	May 30, 2014
Christopher Orr	rotten	The Atlantic	As a cameo, Jolie's performance might have proven spectacular; but as a protagonist, she doesn't give us enough to hold onto. For all her efforts, she remains yet another special effect, however spectacular.	May 30, 2014
Linda Cook	rotten	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	'Maleficent' is to 'Sleeping Beauty' as 'Wicked' is to 'The Wizard of Oz.'	May 30, 2014
Perri Nemiroff	rotten	Shockya.com	When you've got a talented visual effects artist at the helm, iconic source material, an all-star cast and a hefty studio-sized budget to back it all up, there's just no excuse to deliver such a lazy film.	May 30, 2014
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Visually beautiful but dark retelling of classic fairytale.	May 30, 2014
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	"Maleficent" is rather good, mostly because of Jolie. She does grab your attention. But, overall, the movie lacks the Disney charm that has carried its fantasies - live action and animated - into the hearts and minds of viewers.	May 30, 2014
Josh Bell	rotten	Las Vegas Weekly	Instead of replicating classic Disney magic, Maleficent feels more like one of the CGI-cluttered fairy tale retellings of recent years.	May 30, 2014
Steve Persall	fresh	Tampa Bay Times	For all the pixie dust and dragon fire in Maleficent, the most special effect throughout is Angelina Jolie, radiating imperious authority over a disorderly movie.	May 30, 2014
Kirk Baird	fresh	Toledo Blade	As a live-action twist on the Disney animated classic Sleeping Beauty, Maleficent is a dark and engaging fable set in an imaginative and beautiful world. But none of that matters if not for Angelina Jolie in the title role.	May 30, 2014
Katherine Monk	fresh	Canada.com	A revisionist fairy tale with a wonderfully sharp feminist edge.	May 30, 2014
Michael Sragow	rotten	Orange County Register	All would be forgiven if the film had more magical feeling.	May 30, 2014
Peter Rainer	rotten	Christian Science Monitor	At least Disney was smart enough to cast Jolie. She has a genuinely heroic presence. If only the movie were equal to it.	May 30, 2014
Wesley Morris	fresh	Grantland	You feel a little absurd being moved by something as shoddily put together as this. But it likes these women -- even the nincompoop pixies. It believes in its star.	May 30, 2014
Andrew O'Hehir	fresh	Salon.com	Whatever its flaws, "Maleficent" is a family-friendly Disney adventure that offers a relaunched and thoroughly delightful Angelina Jolie ...	May 30, 2014
Ella Taylor	fresh	NPR	It hardly matters that Jolie's accent rambles a bit between pungent Cockney and plummy Buckingham Palace.	May 30, 2014
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Sleeping Beauty reloaded. Maleficent is darker than expected and an incredible visual experience.	May 30, 2014
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	The piercing blue eyes and pouting red lips of the stunning Angelina Jolie make a perfect "Maleficent."	May 30, 2014
John Serba	rotten	MLive.com	Among the lesser of the Sleeping Beauty story's many incarnations, but at least it's an ambitious failure.	May 30, 2014
Phil Villarreal	rotten	COED.com	There's nothing much here for those outside the PG Disney Princess-aimed target market to sink their horns into.	May 30, 2014
John Wirt	fresh	Advocate (Baton Rouge, LA)	Jolie, appearing in her first live-action film since 2010, must be and is the movie's strongest asset.	May 30, 2014
Rich Cline	fresh	Contactmusic.com	As she did with Alice in Wonderland, screenwriter Linda Woolverton uses simplistic plotting and clumsy dialogue to turn a children's story into an eerily dark Lord of the Rings-style effects extravaganza.	May 30, 2014
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	Warmed-over Frozen.	May 30, 2014
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Skeptics will discount this new version of Maleficent, but with Jolie's bravura performance and Fanning as precious as ever, it's not hard to swallow this fairy tale.	May 30, 2014
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Jolie displays an incredible propensity for being beautiful and menacing at the same time.	May 30, 2014
Marshall Fine	rotten	Hollywood & Fine	It's transformed from a fairy tale into every movie you've ever seen about a curmudgeon who learns to open his/her heart and love an adorable child.	May 30, 2014
Bilge Ebiri	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	Jolie's commitment to the part is admirable: She gives this Maleficent a real emotional urgency. But the rest of the movie lets her down.	May 30, 2014
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	It's all about Angelina Jolie, in a performance of silky restraint.	May 30, 2014
Rob Vaux	rotten	Mania.com	It's a lot of effort for very little payoff, something its sinister protagonist is far too awesome to allow.	May 30, 2014
Willie Waffle	rotten	WaffleMovies.com	Maleficent is a twisted version of Sleeping Beauty that is much too serious.	May 30, 2014
Jim Judy	rotten	Screen It!	It simply feels like a studio offering cursed to make you fall asleep. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)	May 30, 2014
Mike Scott	fresh	Times-Picayune	It has its storytelling flaws, but if nothing else, Maleficent is an undeniable work of visual beauty.	May 30, 2014
Kate Taylor	fresh	Globe and Mail	Long live the feminist revisionist backstory.	May 30, 2014
Charlotte O'Sullivan	fresh	London Evening Standard	There's no denying this project's peculiar, landscape-changing power.	May 30, 2014
David Edwards	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	Disney's solid fantasy earns extra points thanks to both a sinister turn from Angelina Jolie and an understanding that fairytales are meant to be scary.	May 30, 2014
Joe Cunningham	rotten	Film4	Just about the least interesting take on Sleeping Beauty imaginable. A live action pantomime, robbed of the ultimate pantomime villain.	May 30, 2014
Steven Rea	fresh	Philadelphia Inquirer	In the blood-red lipstick and midnight-black gown and cowl of her Sleeping Beauty antecedent, Jolie's Maleficent is magnificent.	May 30, 2014
Tom Long	fresh	Detroit News	Children of all ages should be dazzled.	May 30, 2014
Tom Clift	rotten	Concrete Playground	Blockbuster effects can't mask bland storytelling.	May 30, 2014
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	Visually luscious...a full-blooded gothic fantasy fuelled by dark themes about motherhood, betrayal and redemption. Maleficent should also hold particular appeal for the date-movie demographic in that it's essentially an elongated revenge fantasy.	May 30, 2014
Peter Canavese	rotten	Groucho Reviews	Almost certainly wouldn't have been made were it not for Angelina Jolie, whose extraordinarily striking presence recalls the Old Hollywood potency of Garbo. If only the film around Jolie were worthy of her.	May 29, 2014
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	...the film rides on the strength of Angelina Jolie's performance and she is, in a word, magnificent.	May 29, 2014
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Angelina Jolie's interpretation of the title character, which transforms the animated icon into a complex, fully realized woman, provides emotional depth and breadth.	May 29, 2014
Dana Stevens	fresh	Slate	Maleficent doesn't reinvent any wheels when it comes to the fairy-tale genre -- but the fairy tale already comes with pretty hardy wheels, and this sweet, child-friendly adaptation creaks along on them quite nicely.	May 29, 2014
Joshua Starnes	rotten	ComingSoon.net	It's probably not proof that retelling a classic story through the villain's eyes is unworkable, but it does prove you need more than just a good concept to get across the finish line.	May 29, 2014
Betsy Sharkey	fresh	Los Angeles Times	This is Jolie's film because of the Maleficent she makes. Everyone else, even Aurora, fades in her presence.	May 29, 2014
Rebecca Cusey	fresh	Patheos	It lacks the irony of "Shrek" and "Wicked." And that's a good thing.	May 29, 2014
Geoffrey Macnab	fresh	Independent (UK)	The film is never quite as scary as might have been anticipated. At least, there are plenty of incidental pleasures along the way.	May 29, 2014
Travis Hopson	rotten	Examiner.com	It becomes abundantly clear that Disney never thought beyond the "let's make a Maleficent movie" stage because they fail to give the character a clear motivatio	May 29, 2014
Bill Gibron	rotten	Film Racket	Disney's desire to drain as much profit out of their properties as possible arrives in the form of Maleficent, and boy does the struggle show.	May 29, 2014
Nell Minow	fresh	Beliefnet	The real enchantment here is not the story but the star.	May 29, 2014
Allan Hunter	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	A spectacular, eye-popping reworking of the Sleeping Beauty fairytale from the viewpoint of the villain.	May 29, 2014
Laura Clifford	rotten	Reeling Reviews	Falling into the same trap as "Oz the Great and Powerful," Woolverton's revisionist take uses the spurned love of a supernatural female as the catalyst for an evil makeover and makes a muddle of the original Sleeping Beauty tale in the process.	May 29, 2014
Geoff Berkshire	rotten	Paste Magazine	It's a beautiful-looking film full of dubious narrative choices and no surprises for anyone familiar with the elements of contemporary fantasy filmmaking.	May 29, 2014
Mark Dujsik	rotten	Mark Reviews Movies	Whatever point the movie is making ... is lost in a narrative that is over-reliant on establishing.	May 29, 2014
Witney Seibold	rotten	Nerdist	For all its ambitions and striking visuals, Maleficent is a dreamlike miasma of bad ideas.	May 29, 2014
Anders Wright	rotten	San Diego Union-Tribune	Jolie is bigger than the rest of the movie, while many other characters are barely developed at all.	May 29, 2014
Tom Russo	rotten	Boston Globe	While this is Jolie's show, obviously - and she's terrifically arch - the surprising dearth of other compelling characters doesn't offer much distraction when things get off track.	May 29, 2014
Perry Seibert	rotten	TV Guide	[Maleficent] has one very good idea at its core, but a lack of narrative drive and the soulless, state-of-the-art look of the whole thing keeps director Robert Stromberg's debut feature from ever blossoming into something genuinely interesting.	May 29, 2014
Ben Sachs	fresh	Chicago Reader	[It lacks] the sort of nightmarish visions that made Walt Disney's early animation features so powerful. This looks impressive, though, making use of highly imaginative, state-of-the-art 3-D effects while still evoking old-school Disney animation	May 29, 2014
Ann Hornaday	fresh	Washington Post	For all its limitations, "Maleficent" manages to be improbably entertaining to watch, due solely to its title character.	May 29, 2014
Manohla Dargis	fresh	New York Times	I'm still not sure if the movie's smack-down between patriarchy and matriarchy is the way to go, but at least nobody here is warbling about what she wants before hitting the road to self-actualization.	May 29, 2014
Liam Maguren	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	Jolie's commanding on-screen presence exudes the sort of effortless dominance and wrath-spitting fury required from a fairy scorned.	May 29, 2014
Brad Keefe	rotten	Columbus Alive	Sadly, Jolie spends far too little of the film in villain mode, which is where things really feel juicy.	May 29, 2014
Peter Travers	rotten	Rolling Stone	Jolie comes to this party ready to bite, but the movie muzzles her. Even at 97 minutes, Maleficent is still one long, laborious slog.	May 29, 2014
Ignatiy Vishnevetsky	rotten	AV Club	A movie that doesn't quite work as a fantasy or as a subversion of the same.	May 29, 2014
Paul McGuire Grimes	rotten	KSTP-TV	I don't know if this is a sequel we need. A strong message for kids, but their parents may get a little bored.	November 20, 2019
Matthew Toomey	rotten	ABC Radio Brisbane	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is likely to have its fans given their admiration for the original but when compared to the aforementioned films, it's sorely lacking.	November 10, 2019
Chris Knight	rotten	National Post	The plot seems a touch thin, the battle scenes interminable, and resolution, when it comes, unearned.	November 9, 2019
Rubn Rosario	fresh	MiamiArtZine	It goes down easy, thanks to a colorful palette and Woolverton's refusal to soft-pedal the nefarious lengths Queen Ingrith will go to carry out her anti-fairy agenda.	November 7, 2019
Debbie Lynn Elias	fresh	Behind The Lens	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is pure magic! A visually and emotionally exquisite tale that is simply beautiful.	November 5, 2019
Tim Brayton	rotten	Alternate Ending	Declares that Maleficent is hostile and threatening and scary, while also telling a story in which she is specifically not those things. It's very confounding and sloppy.	November 5, 2019
Simon Weaving	rotten	Screenwize	With the overwhelming razzle-dazzle of computer-generated vistas, there's definitely something missing. Fairytales are meant to be whispered, invoking wonder and mystery, even at their darkest. This is shouty and loud.	November 4, 2019
Laura Griffiths	rotten	Starburst	Fleshing out Maleficent's origins felt necessary, the attention given to this did feel like a departure from the rest of the story, only coming together in the final act, leaving the audience to wonder why we should care, or even why Maleficent would.	November 4, 2019
Stephanie Chapman	fresh	Pop Culture Leftovers	It has moments that will bring the audience from laughter to tears all while rooting for kindness and justice to prevail.	November 3, 2019
Vicky Roach	rotten	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Elle Fanning's innocent flowerchild is cast from a depressingly familiar mould in this muddled, wildly uneven sequel to Disney's revisionist 2014 spin on the Sleeping Beauty legend.	November 1, 2019
Lauren Bradshaw	fresh	Cloture Club	When Pfeiffer and Jolie are together in a scene, it is absolute fire. The icy glares, the shade, THE CHEEKBONES... this is what I came to see.	October 30, 2019
Zaki Hasan	rotten	Zaki's Corner	Jolie is great, Pfeiffer is great, but despite its lead character's impressive wingspan, this second Maleficent fails to cast much of a shadow.	October 29, 2019
Andre Meadows	fresh	Black Nerd Comedy	This movie is wacky.	October 28, 2019
Israel Acosta Aroche	rotten	Konexin	This sequel is unbearably less fun and more treacly. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 28, 2019
Matt Brunson	fresh	Film Frenzy	This Maleficent might be far from magnificent, but as a fractured fairy tale, it mostly gets the job done.	October 27, 2019
Steven Prokopy	rotten	Third Coast Review	Mistress of Evil's greatest crime is that it gets so lost in its fantasy elements that it forgets to create engaging characters or a story that generates any real drama.	October 26, 2019
David Poland	rotten	Movie City News	A movie trying to do so much that it does nothing.	October 25, 2019
James Luxford	rotten	Radio Times	Overall, Mistress of Evil expands just enough upon its predecessor to justify its existence, but fails to add anything memorable to the mythology.	October 25, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning shine in Maleficent: Mistress of Evil, a sequel that surpasses its predecessor with exciting action, an interesting story, and good visuals.	October 25, 2019
Mark Kermode	rotten	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	It just did not know what it wanted to be.	October 24, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	Just a good old fairy tale with no political overtones. The kids sitting behind me clapped when it was over (in a good way). Plus the battle between good (Jolie) and evil (Pfeiffer) entertains the adults.	October 24, 2019
Jenni Moore	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Mistress of Evil is a decent enough sequel, though it's less magical than the first installment, which, admittedly, blew my mind.	October 24, 2019
Allen Adams	rotten	The Maine Edge	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is...an uninteresting slog, a mishmash of garish CGI, disengaged nonsense and thin narrative...The real evil is whatever corporate edict that led to this thing getting greenlit.	October 24, 2019
Sarah Marrs	rotten	Lainey Gossip	There are some really cool visuals and beautiful, detailed costumes, but overall nothing quite justifies the talent and investment represented on screen.	October 23, 2019
Karen M. Peterson	rotten	AwardsCircuit.com	The costumes, casting, and overall design are lovely, but the finished product is a mess.	October 23, 2019
Laura Harding	rotten	Scotsman	Further attempts to subvert the original Sleeping Beauty only manage to further sideline Maleficent in her own story, giving the whole enterprise an appropriately soporific quality.	October 23, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	rotten	Cinexcepcin	The story is bland and the fantasy is still betting on unreality, because the morals remain in the words rather than the facts. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 23, 2019
Rolando Gallego	rotten	EscribiendoCine	The main drawback is (...) the levity applied when dealing with conflicts from the narrative, which could have enhanced the plot. Instead, they end up only enunciating themselves, with a bitter taste. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 23, 2019
Roe McDermott	rotten	Hot Press	Overall, an underwhelming effort.	October 22, 2019
Alberto Corona	fresh	Sensacine	This is an original sequel despite its imperfections. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 22, 2019
Patrick Crossen	fresh	Film Inquiry	It's a movie that feels at war with itself, but when the right side breaks through, it can be something beautiful, like the film that came before.	October 22, 2019
Devesh Sharma	rotten	Filmfare	Director Joachim Rnning gets some parts right and some parts wonderfully wrong. Maybe what he needed was another fairy tale instead of stretching this one to its limits and making it sag in the process...	October 22, 2019
Ronak Kotecha	fresh	The Times of India	With widespread death and destruction, this fairytale costume drama is by no means a child's play. However, it has enough live-action magic to bring the big screen alive.	October 21, 2019
Soumya Srivastava	rotten	Hindustan Times	Five years and multiple million dollars hence, Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning's film offers nothing new or even remotely as path-breaking, emotional or magical as its predecessor.	October 21, 2019
Nandini Ramnath	fresh	Scroll.in	The sequel has bigger things on its mind - racism and the distrust of foreigners, ecological disaster, warmongering, gender stereotyping - but the bit that stays and thrills is the continuing tenderness felt by a witch for her ward.	October 21, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	It's got everything you'd want to see in a dark fairy tale - evil witches, sorcery, and jaw-dropping visual effects.	October 21, 2019
Ani Bundel	fresh	NBC News THINK	It's a visually gorgeous movie...Unfortunately, the rest of the film is a muddled mess.	October 21, 2019
Randall King	rotten	Winnipeg Free Press	This sequel to the 2014 fantasy Maleficent is part and parcel of Disney's recent cash-grab mission to remake all its animated classics into more-or-less live action, or photo-realistic-looking movies.	October 21, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	rotten	Herald Sun (Australia)	All storytelling roads lead to an incomprehensible Game of Thrones-lite battle in the final act that is either very poorly staged, or terribly edited. It is impossible to tell.	October 21, 2019
Nick Johnston	fresh	Vanyaland	It's not perfect, but I would be lying to you if I didn't say that I enjoyed most of this film, and would gladly take more.	October 21, 2019
Wade Major	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	This [sequel] is not only unnecessary, it's a betrayal of the entire lore.	October 21, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	Reasonably enjoyable, even though it lags in a few places and recycles some themes from its predecessor without adding much that's conceptually new.	October 21, 2019
Tim Grierson	rotten	Screen International	"Mistress of Evil" has its heart in the right place, but good intentions can't overcome a nagging blockbuster familiarity.	October 21, 2019
Christy Lemire	rotten	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	There's no need for this [sequel]... It's almost not campy enough.	October 21, 2019
Mikel Zorrilla	rotten	Espinof	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is better than its predecessor, but that does not mean that it's a good film. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 21, 2019
Rich Cline	rotten	Shadows on the Wall	As before, it's livened up by super-whizzy Disney effects, plus a cast that goes for broke. But the story is problematic on so many levels that the film isn't easy to watch.	October 21, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer make this Maleficent sequel worthwhile and fun.	October 21, 2019
EJ Moreno	rotten	Flickering Myth	Maleficent 2 needed to be high camp, but it just came off highly cheesy. There's good pieces into this puzzle but they don't all fit together. Also, how do you sideline the titular character in her own film?	October 21, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	rotten	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	Jolie and Pfeiffer intermittently elevate a very generic and melodramatic sequel that grows in scale but has no magic. [Full review in Spanish]	October 21, 2019
Susana Guzman De la O	rotten	Cine Premiere	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil doesn't only repeat the errors from the first film. It intensifies them. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 20, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	Pushing what's acceptable, particularly in a PG film, to the limit, this is a strong sequel, but definitely not for the very young.	October 20, 2019
Tom Shone	rotten	Sunday Times (UK)	The climax here is the same overcrammed crush of castles, ramparts, tree monsters and trolls that has laid waste to every film since The Lord of the Rings.	October 20, 2019
Tori Preston	fresh	Pajiba	It'll still keep kids entertained, and give your eyeholes something really pretty to look at for two hours. Beyond that, I guess the question is: what were you expecting?	October 20, 2019
Joseph Walsh	rotten	The Arts Desk	The plot is overstuffed and under-baked, trying desperately to kindle that spark of Disney magic, that never arrives.	October 20, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Sumptuous fantasy sequel...	October 20, 2019
Nathalia Aryani	fresh	The MovieMaven	A fantastic fantasy adventure blending thrilling action in a magical setting with a real-world inclusion message.	October 20, 2019
Nate Adams	rotten	The Only Critic	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" never feels like a movie, instead it's a shiny Disney product that's going to look good on their streaming service. A total eyesore.	October 20, 2019
Josh Wilding	rotten	ComicBookMovie.com	A grim and depressing sequel, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a completely unnecessary and disappointing effort which seemingly sets out to rob viewers of the usual enjoyment a Disney movie provides.	October 20, 2019
Oggs Cruz	rotten	Rappler	Like the appendix and the male areola, Joachim Ronning's Maleficent: The Mistress of Evil is an unnecessary creation.	October 20, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	You have to give them credit for taking on relevant themes...but in the context of a bright and sunny family-friendly Disney film, it never really has the chance to dig down as deep as its ideas require.	October 19, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	It absolutely has no right to be, but Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a solid Disney blockbuster and a massive improvement over its problematic predecessor.	October 19, 2019
Gary Wolcott	rotten	KXL-FM (Portland, OR)	The perfect example of why sequels ought not be made but the evil-eye dual of Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer is a ton of fun. Nothing else is.	October 19, 2019
Wendy Shreve	rotten	Featuring Film	Five years later, Norwegian director Joachim Rnning has managed to make what potentially could've been an imaginative idea even more of a debacle than the original.	October 19, 2019
Harris Dang	rotten	Impulse Gamer	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is an overstuffed yet malnourished piece of whimsy that fails to expand on the ideas and the unfulfilled potential of the original.	October 19, 2019
Sara Clements	fresh	Flick Feast	It's the star power and performances by its cast that result in the film being a satisfactory fantasy dish.	October 19, 2019
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	While naturally lacking the freshness of its predecessor, this installment seems to have been conceived more for financial than creative means.	October 19, 2019
Wenlei Ma	rotten	News.com.au	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil didn't lean on its greatest strength, instead almost downplaying that mischievous Jolie performance by giving her less to do, and then overblowing everything else.	October 19, 2019
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	When it comes to the unnecessary sequel department, few major studios are able to wring out every last drop of a story or character more than Disney.	October 19, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Adelaide Review	...ultimately it's too dragged-out and uninspired, even by Hollywood's already sloppy sequel standards, and the potentially fabulous combination of Pfeiffer, Jolie and Fanning falls oddly flat too.	October 19, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	We get a classic buildup establishing heroes and villains; gorgeous, screen-popping visuals featuring beautiful and mysterious worlds; a bounty of colorful and magical creatures, and a lengthy, CGI-laden, climactic battle sequence...	October 19, 2019
John Nguyen	fresh	Nerd Reactor	Angelina Jolie as Maleficent is a joy to watch.	October 18, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Much bigger than a nitpick is the trouble that might give anyone with youngsters pause about an otherwise watchable film. That would be the odd violence that comes with the special effects territory in the Disney-produced sequel.	October 18, 2019
Peter Canavese	rotten	Groucho Reviews	Audiences can't be blamed for turning off their brains and focusing on the aesthetic trappings...in this film featuring a flying protagonist, nothing really lands.	October 18, 2019
Brian Viner	rotten	Daily Mail (UK)	I would be more circumspect about Maleficent: Mistress Of Evil, especially if you're taking children.	October 18, 2019
Julie Crawford	rotten	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	It's a nice change to have a Disney offering that isn't a frame-by-frame live action remake of an animated film but when you have a cast this committed, it behooves you to give them something to do.	October 18, 2019
Charlotte O'Sullivan	fresh	London Evening Standard	The bottom line is that Maleficent 2 takes a brilliant character and doesn't completely bugger things up.	October 18, 2019
Rene Sanchez	rotten	Cine Sin Fronteras	A forgettable and predictable sequel that leans heavily on Jolie and Pfeiffer's charisma to compensate for its lack of magic. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Melalin Mahavongtrakul	fresh	Bangkok Post	We managed to laugh and enjoy the film despite its muddled narratives.	October 18, 2019
Brandy McDonnell	fresh	The Oklahoman	Disney fans weary of copycat live-action remakes of beloved animated film can enter a visually stunning fantasy realm with Maleficent: Mistress of Evil.	October 18, 2019
Rendy Jones	rotten	Rendy Reviews	The film faces a major identity crisis where it doesn't set any appeal for its audience while cloaking itself to be something that it's not.	October 18, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	Michelle Pfeiffer channelling her contemptuous Catwoman from Batman Returns is proper good, though.	October 18, 2019
Brad Keefe	rotten	Columbus Alive	Ultimately, Maleficent is more a "Mistress of Wronged and Misunderstood." Not quite as catchy.	October 18, 2019
Brian Orndorf	rotten	Blu-ray.com	A numbing viewing experience that's mostly about creating noise and limp mythos to expand on a world that wasn't very interesting in the first place.	October 18, 2019
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	National Catholic Register	'Maleficent' at least felt like a fairy tale, if a recycled, darkly subversive one, with something to say. This sequel feels like a set of attitudes and themes in search of material to recycle.	October 18, 2019
Jon Negroni	rotten	The Young Folks	The main suffering of this film relates to an echo of The Lion King from earlier this year, and that is the lack of emotion or persuasive performance from hardly any actor involved.	October 18, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	rotten	eFilmCritic.com	The kind of vacuous, empty-headed spectacle that has absolutely nothing on its mind other than squeezing several hundred millions more out of a property that barely had enough material for a single story, let alone a follow-up.	October 18, 2019
Brian Lowry	fresh	CNN.com	As is so often the case, Maleficent didn't exactly cry out for another chapter, but if forced to do one with a sharp spindle pointed at your head (or finger), this is about as good as one could have hoped.	October 18, 2019
David Ocadiz	rotten	Cinergtica	This movie can be summarized in one word: CRINGE. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Dan Lybarger	rotten	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	There's nothing magical about substandard writing.	October 18, 2019
Matthew Lickona	rotten	San Diego Reader	And [Jolie] is a star here: something amazing to behold, an Old Hollywood glamour shot come to...well, not exactly come to life, but mobile, anyway.	October 18, 2019
Yago Garca	rotten	Cinemana (Spain)	This sequel arrives to collect its laurels without renovating its merits. [Full review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	[S]uperior to its predecessor... [but] there's a conversation we need to have about [how]... performers of color are constantly cast in sci-fi and fantasy films/TV as aliens & strange "otherly" creatures.	October 18, 2019
Abigail Camarillo	rotten	Chilango.com	A great cast, but with a story that leaves much to be desired. [Full review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Scott D. Pierce	rotten	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Outside of Maleficent herself, pretty much everyone struggles to get out of their two-dimensional holds, and the grandiose finale doesn't feel like the dramatic payoff it clearly wants to be.	October 18, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	This movie has a lot of problems, but keeps you distracted with stunning visuals and tons of story - in the end, what can I say? It gives good fairy tale.	October 18, 2019
Andr Hereford	rotten	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	Angelina Jolie's fantasy sequel aims for world-building action, but fares better as camp.	October 18, 2019
Johnny Gayzmonic	rotten	Fanboys of the Universe	Who is this for? Who was asking for this particular kind of story? It's a question the film never definitely answers.	October 18, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	rotten	En Filme	The story, however, lacks the depth of the original. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 18, 2019
Dominic Corry	rotten	New Zealand Herald	Young ones will no doubt be swept away by the big-budget fairy tale basics on display here but most viewers will probably leave the theatre wondering why the film exists at all.	October 18, 2019
Robert Denerstein	rotten	Denerstein Unleashed	Part cartoon, part action movie, part romance, and part fairy tale, Maleficent doesn't quite stake out enough turf in any of those categories totally to succeed.	October 18, 2019
Teddy Durgin	rotten	Screen It!	I wasn't bored. But I wasn't enthralled either. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)	October 18, 2019
Jake Coyle	rotten	Associated Press	Sadly, such fun is not to be had in "Mistress of Evil," a needless sequel to the 2014 "Sleeping Beauty" riff that fails to fully value the entire of appeal of these films: Jolie's Maleficent.	October 18, 2019
Stephanie Zacharek	fresh	TIME Magazine	See it for the inventive, elaborate costumes (designed by Ellen Mirojnick), for the tiny-albeit slightly creepy-mushroom people and the miniature fairies wearing dandelion tutus, and for Jolie...	October 18, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Angelina Jolie has a bag of cinematic CGI treats just in time for Halloween in this sequel to her 2014 hit live action version of Sleeping Beauty. This ain't your mother's Disney princess movie.	October 18, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	rotten	Wall Street Journal	The big-horned heroine is played once again by Angelina Jolie in this dull sequel to the not-so-sparkling 2014 original.	October 18, 2019
Rob Vaux	rotten	Sci-Fi Movie Page	The role is Jolie's and if that's all you need, she delivers when she can. But be ready for a long wait between those moments, devoid of nothing but pretty pictures that melt at the slightest touch.	October 18, 2019
Sara Michelle Fetters	fresh	MovieFreak.com	Never trying to be more than the kid-friendly spectacle it is, this is still a thoroughly enjoyable adventure, and unlike the first one I'm actually quite happy I gave it a look.	October 18, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Michelle Pfeiffer also steps up to play a memorable villain. She is both cruel and scheming and finds ways to fuse old and new fairy tale elements. You have to appreciate her steely-eyed gaze and calm, soft, menacing tone.	October 18, 2019
Staci Layne Wilson	rotten	AtHomeInHollywood.com	An ultimately unnecessary sequel and seems too intense (for kids) to justify a PG rating.	October 18, 2019
Aramide Tinubu	rotten	Stylecaster	Though it's beautifully shot-like something right of a storybook- there's nothing truly enticing or mystifying about Maleficent: Mistress of Evil.	October 17, 2019
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	Spectacle is no substitute for storytelling and the storytelling is a leaden mess.	October 17, 2019
Scott Tobias	rotten	NPR	While it's a pleasure to see Pfeiffer lay into a regal villain, it's odd to see a Maleficent film with so little Maleficent, and all the giggly little sprites in the world can't make up for it.	October 17, 2019
John Byrne	fresh	RT (Ireland)	Okay, while I wouldn't be placing this sequel to 2014's Maleficent anywhere near my top five (or even ten) Disney offerings, it looks amazing and the story is a pretty straightforward and enjoyable tale with a topical twist.	October 17, 2019
Tom Russo	fresh	Boston Globe	What the story boils down to, then, is a mixed-marriage parable, one that could be panderingly "on trend," but which the filmmakers handle fairly thoughtfully.	October 17, 2019
Chandler Levack	rotten	Globe and Mail	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a misfire, despite its wonderful title, which feels plucked straight from an Elvira movie.	October 17, 2019
Luke Goodsell	rotten	ABC News (Australia)	Has anyone so gifted and visually arresting -- a goth queen dream -- been so ill-served by a pair of movies so aggressively dreary?	October 17, 2019
Mark Dujsik	rotten	Mark Reviews Movies	These are ideas and spectacles ... in search of an actual story.	October 17, 2019
Kevin Maher	rotten	Times (UK)	Jolie, of course, is compelling, charismatic, underused and far too good for the material.	October 17, 2019
Paul Whitington	rotten	Irish Independent	The CGI's good, but there's way too much of it, so much in fact that every character save Ms. Jolie's gets drowned in special effects.	October 17, 2019
Mathew DeKinder	rotten	Suburban Journals of St. Louis	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" doesn't have anything new or interesting to say and feels like it exists only so Disney can wring every last dime out of its intellectual property.	October 17, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Despite a predictable plot and underdeveloped supporting characters, this sequel may be admired by families with kids who enjoy Jolie's performance and the action adventure.	October 17, 2019
Dustin Chase	rotten	Texas Art & Film	Maleficent Mistress of Evil  proves itself another unnecessary sequel by abandoning the ideology and creativity that made the original quite surprising.	October 17, 2019
Caroline Siede	fresh	The Verge	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a much needed swing-for-the-fences dose of originality. It doesn't always hit it out of the park, but it's wickedly fun to watch it try.	October 17, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	fresh	Stuff.co.nz	This Maleficent is in many ways an even better film than the first.	October 17, 2019
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Powerful queens go to war in intense, dark fantasy sequel.	October 17, 2019
Dana Barbuto	rotten	The Patriot Ledger	The best part of "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is watching Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer chew scenery with equal amounts of vamp and camp as feuding villainesses. Who glowers better?	October 17, 2019
Chris Bumbray	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	Serviceable, but suffers from a curious lack of it's title character.	October 17, 2019
Peter Travers	rotten	Rolling Stone	In this melted, wannabe 'Frozen', Angelina Jolie and her cheekbones return to an inert franchise to glare at Michelle Pfeiffer.	October 17, 2019
Pablo O. Scholz	fresh	Clarn	A more adventurous version of Guess Who's Coming to Dinner? [Full review in Spanish]	October 17, 2019
Rebecca Murray	rotten	Showbiz Junkies	It's a shame the script isn't as sharp as [Angelina Jolie's] cheekbones and instead has taken an everything but the kitchen sink approach to storytelling.	October 17, 2019
Deirdre Crimmins	fresh	HighDef Digest	The creatures are a sight to behold, as are each of the kingdoms. The fighting is tense and exciting. All of that is nearly enough to craft Maleficent: Mistress of Evil into a wonderful fantasy film... but only nearly.	October 17, 2019
Frank Swietek	rotten	One Guy's Opinion	Less a movie than a two-hour explosion in a special-effects factory, [it's] a sequel even more unnecessary than most [that] exhausts rather than exhilarates.	October 17, 2019
Roger Tennis	fresh	Cinemaclips.com	Fans of the revisionist 'Maleficent' (2014) will be enchanted once again with wondrous sets, costumes, effects and a sensational lead performance.	October 17, 2019
Manohla Dargis	rotten	New York Times	Maleficent is back and so is Jolie, who, with her augmented cheekbones and perfectly calibrated hauteur, remains the only reason to bother with it. Much else has changed and not for the better, whatever this hash insists.	October 17, 2019
Sarah Marloff	rotten	Austin Chronicle	Yet, where the first managed to put an intricate new spin on an old tale, the sequel, despite its strong cast, can't help but feel a bit like a tired storyline being retold for a quick cash-in.	October 17, 2019
Jake Wilson	rotten	The Age (Australia)	Jolie seems utterly trapped by the narrow conception of the role, which requires her to speak in a clipped British accent and keep emotional display to a minimum. Sometimes her stiffness is played for laughs, sometimes she's just stiff.	October 17, 2019
Matt Zoller Seitz	rotten	RogerEbert.com	It all feels rushed-through and improperly considered, like a fairy tale told to a child by a grownup who's tired and bored and just wants to go to bed.	October 17, 2019
Oliver Jones	rotten	Observer	It's not just that Jolie's character is more captivating and engrossing than pretty much anything else in the movie, it's that her clothes are too.	October 17, 2019
Charles Koplinski	rotten	Illinois Times	An example of the most soul-sucking viewing that I'm forced to endure.	October 17, 2019
Diego Batlle	rotten	La Nacin (Argentina)	The problem with this sequel is that... it looks even less convincing than its predecessor. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 17, 2019
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	Really, the fun of this movie - aside from the glorious and very velvet-forward costumes, by Ellen Mirojnick - is the performances of the two Hollywood pros at its center, both perfectly cast.	October 17, 2019
Neil Pond	fresh	Parade Magazine	Jolie is the big bird, the hot wings, the OG witchy woman that rises from the rubble of this hot-mess fairy-fray train wreck.	October 17, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	In terms of visuals, director Joachim Ronning does a swell job recreating the lush fantasy/Goth look of the first film with effects aplenty and grand flourishes of other-worldly architecture. Storywise it's feathery fluff.	October 17, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	there still is Jolie, who is wickedly entertaining and oh, so fun, to watch.	October 17, 2019
David Kaplan	rotten	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Overall, the movie is deadly dull, i.e., flat-out boring.	October 17, 2019
Peter Gray	rotten	This is Film	Heavy on visually-stunning imagery but light on the substance behind why such pictographs deserve to be seen, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil never really delves deeper beyond being aesthetically pleasing	October 17, 2019
Julian Roman	fresh	MovieWeb	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil can best be described as Disney's Game of Thrones. It's the infamous "Red Wedding", but with fairy tale characters. Angelina Jolie returns to theaters in a much darker and violent sequel.	October 17, 2019
Shana O'Neil	fresh	Hypable	The best way to watch Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is with no expectations. Enjoy the look of it. Relish the delicious evil. Get swept up in the emotion, don't think too hard, and you'll be fine.	October 16, 2019
Hope Madden	rotten	Columbus Underground	Stuffed to the antlers with sidetracks and subplots, characters and ideas, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil shows you everything and articulates nothing.	October 16, 2019
James Berardinelli	rotten	ReelViews	Mistress of Evil makes a conscious decision to address a subject that not many family films would touch with a ten-foot pole...then bungles the implications and the message.	October 16, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	Despite the drums of war beating louder, there is not a lot of momentum to the story.	October 16, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Strong performances from three strong women where they are NOT fighting over a man, but fighting over family and country. Angelina Jolie, Elle Fanning and Michell Pfeiffer make this film worth screening again and again.	October 16, 2019
Elena Lazic	rotten	Little White Lies	References to real-world tragedy can be worthwhile... But here, these plot elements come across as random, misguided and sadly unimaginative.	October 16, 2019
Robert Kojder	rotten	Flickering Myth	Director Joachim Rnning and the plethora of screenwriters have settled for a generic tale of love uniting two kingdoms	October 16, 2019
Laura DeMarco	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	Director Joachim Ronning imbues the complex story with a fittingly frenetic pace and energy, and despite its fairy tale structure, Jolie and Pfeiffer endow their characters with believable human emotions and frailties.	October 16, 2019
Pamela Powell	rotten	Reel Honest Reviews	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a disappointing live-action sequel that lacks content, but more importantly, it is a distressing and disturbing film not intended for youngsters.	October 16, 2019
Avi Offer	rotten	NYC Movie Guru	An overproduced, shallow and often dull experience that fails to be funny, thrilling nor heartfelt despite its talented cast.	October 16, 2019
Perri Nemiroff	rotten	Collider Video	The battle between Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer is hugely entertaining, but Aurora's storyline is a snooze and the digital effects of the Moors is disastrous, especially compared to the film's winning practical effects.	October 16, 2019
Molly Freeman	rotten	ScreenRant	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil expands the world of Disney's retelling with high fantasy action, but suffers from a weak plot and thin characters.	October 16, 2019
Liam Lacey	rotten	Original Cin	The script hits the familiar notes - a beautiful princess, a handsome prince, meddling old folks, anthropomorphized creatures. But they're essentially here for another Marvel-style apocalypse.	October 16, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Terrifyingly volatile, fiercely powerful yet emotionally fragile, there's never been a Disney character quite like Maleficent and [Angelina] Jolie imbues her creation with a melancholic grandeur.	October 16, 2019
David Sims	fresh	The Atlantic	It's not a film that quite rises to the level of "good," but it is transfixing-a dizzying hodgepodge of ideas powered by the welcome return of Jolie to the big screen.	October 16, 2019
Angelica Jade Bastin	rotten	New York Magazine/Vulture	A haphazard mess on nearly every level, only able to work in fits and starts.	October 16, 2019
Travis Hopson	rotten	Punch Drunk Critics	Somehow overstuffed and boring, the film is at least notable for the sheer tonnage of CGI woodland creatures crammed onto the screen at once.	October 16, 2019
MaryAnn Johanson	rotten	Flick Filosopher	An apparently unfairly maligned 'wicked witch' has to be redeemed again. Anyway, bitches be evil, crazy and traumatized, or sweet dumb personality-free near-morons. You know, for kids!	October 16, 2019
Adam Graham	rotten	Detroit News	Unfortunately, "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is the stuff of nightmares.	October 16, 2019
Jeanmarie Tan	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	It is always a treat seeing [Michelle] Pfeiffer breaking bad, and when she's going up against someone like [Angelina] Jolie, boy is it good.	October 16, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	The Angelina Jolie vs Michelle Pfeiffer face-off actually elevates this sequel over its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]	October 16, 2019
Christie Cronan	rotten	Raising Whasians	A predictable sequel that underwhelms not only this movie, but the only original Disney live-action concept that I actually enjoyed. It's too bad that this film is also too violent for kids.	October 16, 2019
Sean Collier	rotten	Pittsburgh Magazine	Well this isn't any good.	October 16, 2019
Diedre Johnson	fresh	Black Girl Nerds	With its grandiose set design, bold swaths of color, magical special effects, and award-winning, international cast, the sequel Maleficent: Mistress of Evil tries to rectify the situation.	October 16, 2019
Christopher Lloyd	fresh	The Film Yap	Though a bit silly and ham-handed at times, it's more entertaining than the first one.	October 16, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	rotten	Daily Film Fix	"Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is jumbled nonsense that palely reminds us of what barely made the first film work.	October 16, 2019
Mick LaSalle	rotten	San Francisco Chronicle	The saddest thing about "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" is that it's not bad, but typical, that this emptiness - this immersion in mass numbification - is the modern style.	October 16, 2019
Katie Walsh	rotten	Tribune News Service	The messages that undergird "Maleficent: Mistress of Evil" are important ones. If only they didn't come wrapped in this goofy, chaotic package.	October 16, 2019
Britany Murphy	fresh	Geeks of Color	Maleficent: Mistress of Evil kept me entertained and dare I say, I may have enjoyed it more than its predecessor.	October 16, 2019
Robert Daniels	fresh	812filmreviews	There's enough magic dust made of sass and a decent amount of political relevance for Maleficent: Mistress of Evil to fancy the imagination	October 16, 2019
Roger Moore	rotten	Movie Nation	Appalling	October 16, 2019
J. Don Birnam	fresh	Splash Report	Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer shine as they square off as evil queens in a visually effective but messy and convoluted sequel to the revisiting of the classic story	October 16, 2019
Dan Murrell	rotten	Screen Junkies	Angelina Jolie is great for what little she has to do in the movie. Michelle Pfeiffer has a lot to do, but not much of it is good.	October 16, 2019
Tony Medley	fresh	Tolucan Times	Highlighted by exquisite special effects and the deliciously evil performance of Pfeiffer, this fantasy seems dark and violent for young children but can delight adults	October 16, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	For older kids, and grown-ups who like their fantasy on a grand scale, this sometimes grim fairy tale is a deliciously dark ride.	October 15, 2019
Tom Beasley	rotten	Flickering Myth	The horns might be longer and more elaborate than ever before, but the ends are blunt.	October 15, 2019
Michael O'Sullivan	rotten	Washington Post	Think twice about taking very young children - or even some susceptible adults - to this at-times shocking, if less than graphic, gloom-and-doom fest. But the worse sin is: It's boring.	October 15, 2019
Kerry Lengel	fresh	Arizona Republic	The cuddly creatures and razzle-dazzle action are enough to make two hours disappear, but it's only Jolie's bat-winged charisma that will rattle on in your memory.	October 15, 2019
Richard Lawson	rotten	Vanity Fair	In its earnest evocation of so many horrors - and of so many hard-won triumphs against poisoned power structures - the movie does have a salient weight to it. I just don't know if this is the right vessel for all that heaviness.	October 15, 2019
Don Kaye	rotten	Den of Geek	As much as Angelina Jolie and Michelle Pfeiffer squaring off holds appeal, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil falls solidly into the terrain of 'sequel that no one but accountants asked for.'	October 15, 2019
Tomris Laffly	fresh	Time Out	As the nemesis to Angelina Jolie's red-lipped siren, Pfeiffer gives us exactly what we want -- the same hissing Catwoman attitude she heated up for Mother!	October 15, 2019
Joe Lipsett	fresh	Anatomy of a Scream	Despite the five years between films, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil is a worthy sequel that should appease fans of the first film, particularly its core teen female demograph	October 15, 2019
Caryn James	fresh	BBC.com	Until then, though, Maleficent: Mistress of Evil swoops you along with ease. Like so many Disney films, it is a commercial calculation with a just a splash of magic.	October 15, 2019
Sarah Musnicky	rotten	Nightmarish Conjurings	"It is ultimately a better film than its predecessor, but is weighed down by too many plot points and not enough of Maleficent herself."	October 15, 2019
Johnny Oleksinski	rotten	New York Post	While the first film was, like "Wicked," an alternate view of a classic good-versus-evil tale, its sequel is a one-note, moralistic sledgehammer with no payoff.	October 15, 2019
Karen Han	fresh	Polygon	The film is still, however, leaps and bounds more imaginative than most other recent live-action Disney fare.	October 15, 2019
Fred Topel	rotten	Showbiz Cheat Sheet	Without the fairy tale of Sleeping Beauty, the plot becomes too convoluted and Angelina Jolie is not even in the movie for a very large chunk while all of this works itself out.	October 15, 2019
Scott Menzel	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Jolie captures the complexities of this character while also making her relatable and likable.	October 15, 2019
Pat Brown	rotten	Slant Magazine	In transforming folk metaphors into utilitarian attributes of an action hero, Disney exposes the emptiness of their product.	October 15, 2019
Princess Weekes	rotten	The Mary Sue	The big problem with this sequel is that it covers a lot of issues that the it's unable to commit to properly handling, both tonally and structure-wise.	October 15, 2019
Cynthia Vinney	fresh	CBR	Unfortunately, given Disney's recent spate of live-action remakes and unnecessary sequels, it's difficult not to view Mistress of Evil's existence through a cynical lens. That doesn't mean the movie isn't diverting - in fact, it's perfectly watchable.	October 15, 2019
Courtney Howard	rotten	Fresh Fiction	It delivers a dull story that hinges on two women fighting and, worse, it fails to individually give very capable actresses anything resembling Memorable Movie Moments.	October 15, 2019
Jo Berry	fresh	The List	An entire movie of Pfeiffer and Jolie throwing special effects and shade at each other would have made this the most fun fantasy flick of the year.	October 15, 2019
Eileen Jones	fresh	The Jacobin	I could linger there for ten hours and feel refreshed, especially if the director tends to create the dynamic, humorous, and challenging effects that writer-director Quentin Tarantino does.	November 15, 2019
David Keyes	fresh	Cinemaphile.org	The movie's greatest strength is in how it isolates precious moments among characters - some loving, others sad, many foretelling of darker realities.	November 9, 2019
Willow Maclay	fresh	Curtsies and Hand Grenades	Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is bold, and exciting, a fantasia of a dead Hollywood brought to life in rich detail.	November 4, 2019
David Poland	fresh	Movie City News	this is the most complex cinematic experience of the year-to-date from a major studio.	October 25, 2019
Anne Cohen	fresh	Refinery29	Like most of Tarantino's work, Once Upon A Time in... Hollywood is eliciting very strong emotions on both sides of the spectrum.	October 23, 2019
Jeff York	fresh	Creative Screenwriting	[Tarantino] loves show biz and Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood is a bittersweet tribute to the fantasies, as well as the fragilities, of those who play in it.	October 21, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	Tarantino's poem to the Golden Era is just as we expected it to be. Ironic, sad and violent. [Full review in Spanish].	October 7, 2019
Amanda Greever	rotten	The Daily Times (Tennessee)	Once Upon a Time in Hollywood  is about Tarantino's fascination with revisionism and the idea that cinema has the power to right past wrongs.	October 3, 2019
Tim Cogshell	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	I love this movie... When [director Quentin Tarantino] pulls the ripcord and it goes bananas, it is just so much fun.	October 2, 2019
Chris Agar	fresh	ScreenRant	Bolstered by strong performances and immersive production design, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is an introspective and rewarding film from Tarantino.	September 25, 2019
Brian Gill	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	Easily the most accessible Tarantino movie yet, Hollywood serves as a greatest hits album for the filmmaker and DiCaprio-Pitt pairing shines throughout.	September 20, 2019
Juan Jos Beteta	fresh	Cinencuentro	It's a calmer, more nostalgic work... with a certain autumnal air. [Full review in Spanish]	September 17, 2019
Kong Rithdee	fresh	Bangkok Post	Tarantino's new film is a surprisingly breezy, elegiac chronicle of Los Angeles and its oddball residents.	September 16, 2019
Rene Sanchez	fresh	Cine Sin Fronteras	Tarantino's passionate love letter to the golden age of Hollywood shines thanks to the impeccable work of its cast. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 16, 2019
William Venegas	fresh	La Nacin (Costa Rica)	The good performances respond to the good character design, which is important in the mix of fantasy and reality. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 12, 2019
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	It's Tarantino's ode to Hollywood.	September 10, 2019
Andrew Kendall	fresh	Stabroek News	In Once Upon a Time...in Hollywood cinematographer Robert Richardson and Quentin Tarantino are writing a love letter to the past: golden and beatific and unreal and completely charming.	September 10, 2019
Matthew Toomey	rotten	ABC Radio Brisbane	Quentin Tarantino has spared no expense in recreating the splendour of 1960s Los Angeles but there are lengthy sequences where the film is more interested in the setting than the characters.	September 10, 2019
Vicky Roach	fresh	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	Fabulously flawed.	September 9, 2019
Daniel Krauze	fresh	El Financiero	The most joyful thing Tarantino has directed. [Full review in Spanish]	September 6, 2019
Orielle Berry	fresh	Independent Online (South Africa)	Tarantino is at his best, creating a masterpiece that should be seen by every movie buff and lover of good acting and brilliant cinematography.	September 5, 2019
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	A typically idiosyncratic effort from Quentin Tarantino...	September 2, 2019
Oggs Cruz	fresh	Rappler	The film is an unadulterated ode that only Tarantino can make, one that blends cynicism with reverence to form a portrait where beautiful faces are never at odds with grime, alcohol and giddy murder.	September 2, 2019
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	rotten	Cinexcepcin	An irritating experience. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 1, 2019
Phumlani S Langa	fresh	City Press (South Africa)	Once Upon feels like a lay-up compared to some of his other slam dunk features, but it's still hard as nails.	August 30, 2019
Mario Alegre	fresh	Prxima Tanda	Tarantino writes a heartfelt love letter (some might call it an eulogy) with so many recipients -from 60's cinema icons to movie houses long gone- it's impossible to keep count, but it's easy to let yourself revel in it. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 30, 2019
Alejandro Alemn	fresh	El Universal	When Tarantino finally decides to speak of his maximum obsession, the cinema itself, he does it with another set of tools, more subtle and more elegant. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 30, 2019
Devesh Sharma	fresh	Filmfare	At 164 minutes, this improbable, audacious film is quite long by Hollywood standards but you never once feel bored...	August 30, 2019
Mark Kermode	rotten	Kermode & Mayo's Film Review	You can feel the love of cinema in it, but I thought it was fantastically ill-disciplined and indulgent and whole blocks of "DVD extras."	August 30, 2019
Kathryn Reklis	fresh	The Christian Century	Tarantino clearly believes in the catharsis of fictional violence-as its title suggests, Once Upon a Time is a kind of fairy tale, and it is deeply compelling.	August 29, 2019
Fico Cangiano	fresh	CineXpress	Tarantino's love letter to the Hollywood of yesteryear. The most nostalgic, relaxed and less Tarantino-ish film of his career. [Full review in Spanish]	August 29, 2019
Jorge Rivera Rubio	fresh	QiiBO	With this fairy tale, Tarantino tried to exorcise demons that'd been haunting an industry based on lies, fantasies and dreams, for five decades. It's also his cruelest Prank. [Full review in Spanish]	August 28, 2019
Lucero Caldern	fresh	Excelsior	A well executed work, with extraordinary performances, an impeccable production design and a memorable soundtrack, however, there is something that makes this one of the best feature films from Tarantino. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 28, 2019
Emmanuel Bez	fresh	Cinfiloz	Is the work of a consolidated director who demonstrates... maturity. [Full review in Spanish]	August 27, 2019
Tony Baker	fresh	Tony Baker Comedy	The chemistry between Leo [Leonardo dicaprio] and Brad [Pitt] is great. I loved seeing them interact.	August 26, 2019
Carlos Bonfil	fresh	La Jornada	Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio deliver remarkable performances, while Margot Robbie and Bruce Dern complete the great cast. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 26, 2019
Rafael Rosales Santos	fresh	Konexin	Once Upon a Time In Hollywood is a movie you'll either love or hate, but it won't leave you feeling indifferent. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 26, 2019
Luis Fernando Galvn	fresh	En Filme	Violence in the form of vengeance emerges abruptly at the end, but with a clarity befitting a director capable of capturing with love, nostalgia, and passion all his obsessions, games, and influences. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 26, 2019
John McDonald	fresh	Australian Financial Review	Tarantino's approach to filmmaking is that of an intellectual who wants us to think of him as a real badass dude.	August 26, 2019
Joel Mayward	rotten	Cinemayward	Like much of the Cult of Tarantino that eager audiences worship, "Once Upon a Time" might be meaningful and/or shocking if it weren't so barbaric, predictable, and vapid.	August 26, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	An act of nostalgia so potent that it recreates an entire universe for us to play in.	August 26, 2019
Damien Straker	rotten	Impulse Gamer	Quentin Tarantino's inability to separate fiction and reality climaxes in Once Upon a Time...in Hollywood.	August 23, 2019
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	The idea they will deliver after two hours of development is so great and so romantic that it turns out inescapable. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 23, 2019
Sean Burns	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	Tarantino has made the most Gen X movie ever. It's all about being surrounded by sexy, scowling millennials who hate your guts and the moral of the story is that baby boomers ruined everything.	August 23, 2019
Fernanda Solrzano	fresh	Letras Libres	The movie features many subjects, such as nostalgia, the revision of cinema, and the end of an era. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 23, 2019
Paula Fleri-Soler	fresh	Times of Malta	This is probably Tarantino's most personal film yet -- a loving homage to Hollywood itself, home of the art form that he's worshipped since childhood, and that informed his career.	August 23, 2019
Kate Rodger	fresh	Newshub (NZ)	For me, this was just joy, pure unbridled joy.	August 23, 2019
Jonita Davis	rotten	The Black Cape	Let Once Upon a Time in Hollywood be a reminder that Hollywood is still a playground for white men and their fantasies. The rest of us can only get in where we fit in or keep on fighting that good fight.	August 22, 2019
Daniela Sagastegui Avils	fresh	Chilango.com	Without a doubt one of the best Tarantino films. [Full review in Spanish]	August 22, 2019
Dorothy Woodend	rotten	The Tyee (British Columbia)	Once Upon a Time... functions as a memento mori, not just to Tate, but to movies themselves. But that doesn't erase or excuse its more problematic aspects.	August 22, 2019
Marcelo Stiletano	fresh	La Nacin (Argentina)	The well-known narrative and technical skill of Tarantino is made tender in his affection for his characters that deep down are his peers, and with so much strength, they even feel capable of rewriting history. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 22, 2019
PJ Nabarro	fresh	Patrick Nabarro	A metaphorical transference of Tarantino himself to his inspirations of yesteryear.	August 21, 2019
Sebastian Zavala Kahn	fresh	Me gusta el cine	It may meander a bit, it's got enough brilliant moments for it to satisfy (and exhaust) most viewers. [Full review in Spanish]	August 20, 2019
Roe McDermott	fresh	Hot Press	Brilliantly acted, indulgent, predictable, and somehow still utterly convinced that being anti-progress and anti-counter-cultures makes you a rebel, not the status quo.	August 20, 2019
Simon Foster	fresh	Screen-Space	[Beats] to the obsessive pop-culture pulse of Quentin Tarantino like no film of his ever has.	August 20, 2019
Brett McCracken	fresh	The Gospel Coalition	In Once Upon a Time, the celebration of movie fantasy and the moral longing for justice are deliberately and movingly intertwined.	August 19, 2019
Matthew Bond	fresh	The Mail on Sunday (UK)	Brutal, but unexpectedly touching too.	August 19, 2019
Tom Shone	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	[I]n Quentin Tarantino's new film, Once Upon a Time in... Hollywood, [Brad Pitt] propels every scene he's in into another league. It's the best performance by a movie star you'll see in 2019.	August 19, 2019
Tom Augustine	fresh	New Zealand Herald	To watch a film is something like a waking dream - and it's within this space that Once Upon a Time operates, right down to its fantastical title.	August 19, 2019
Matt Neal	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	Welcome to Tarantino's weirdest film yet.	August 19, 2019
Wendy Ide	fresh	Observer (UK)	This is a film set in a stunningly evoked Hollywood past. It can also be read as a commentary on Hollywood present.	August 18, 2019
Sarah Cartland	fresh	Caution Spoilers	It's gorgeous and funny and sometimes hilarious, though often uncomfortably so. Shadows of "real" Hollywood are everywhere. There's a lot going on, so much so I nearly forgot about Tarantino's weird obsession with women snoring.	August 18, 2019
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	It's Tarantino's love of incremental tension-building that really sells - and sets apart - Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. He's long proved a master at delivering great pay-offs and in that regard he might well have hit a career high point here.	August 18, 2019
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	In a space dominated by massive studio franchises, it is so nice to be able to watch a film that feels like a real work of art, crafted by a person, not a committee.	August 18, 2019
Rachael Sampson	fresh	Film Inquiry	Once Upon A Time In Hollywood shows us a fictitious world that was undoubtedly plausible. We can always say 'what if...?' - and that is Tarantino's mantra.	August 17, 2019
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	fresh	Adelaide Review	Tarantino shows just about the amount of restraint - and indulgence - we have come to expect from the director. Far out.	August 16, 2019
David Stratton	fresh	The Australian	Consummately acted by an unusually fine ensemble cast, the film will provoke and enthral, a sure indication the director has succeeded in making not only a handsome and nostalgic movie but also a challenging and subversive one.	August 16, 2019
Sergi Snchez	fresh	Fotogramas	Tarantino's luminous generosity never takes the easy road and never succumbs to the expectations of the public. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 16, 2019
Rashid Irani	fresh	Hindustan Times	Quentin Tarantino's much-awaited ninth film is everything you'd expect - it's bloodspattered and luminous, meta and movie-loving, and has DiCaprio and Brad Pitt working together for the first time.	August 16, 2019
Zhuo-Ning Su	fresh	Awards Daily	For the most part it is simply a tribute to an era the filmmaker evidently holds dear and the retelling of what made that era special: the mythical coolness and silly tropes of the western genre, the beauty and integrity of pre-CGI stunt work...	August 16, 2019
Michael Lee	fresh	Film Ireland Magazine	Ends with a bang that will reverberate throughout cinematic history.	August 16, 2019
John Lui	rotten	The Straits Times (Singapore)	It is like being trapped in a taxi with a driver who is not the sweet man you thought he was at the start of the conversation...this work is a record of an obsessive film fan's fixation on a tiny slice of history.	August 16, 2019
Edward Johnson-Ott	fresh	NUVO Newsweekly	If, like me, you're a Tarantino fan, Once Upon A Time isn't his best, but you'll enjoy it. If you're not a devotee, you'll probably hate it.	August 16, 2019
Demetrios Matheou	fresh	The Arts Desk	[It] isn't the masterpiece that some are claiming; it's too rambling, self-indulgent and - despite a typically grand guignol ending - anti-climactic for that. But it is an evocative and entertaining paean to the Los Angeles of the filmmaker's youth.	August 16, 2019
Jamie East	fresh	The Sun (UK)	It's almost too much for one viewing. I immediately wanted to see it again and again.	August 16, 2019
Cameron Frew	fresh	FrewFilm	Tarantino's penultimate film is pure movie magic; a beautifully crafted, deliriously cathartic sonnet to Hollywood's Golden Age.	August 16, 2019
Poulomi Das	fresh	Arr	Once Upon a Time in Hollywood can't help but become its ending, emanating a sense of incompleteness. But through it all, it remains deeply watchable and its craft, genuinely persuasive.	August 16, 2019
Louis Proyect	rotten	Counterpunch.org	Why would Tarantino make his leading man an OJ Simpson wife-killer? Probably has a lingering effect of his long-time association with Harvey Weinstein.	August 16, 2019
Rachael Mead	fresh	Square Eyes	There's great dialogue, enthralling characters and plot digressions that sweep viewers along without question. The cultural layering is brilliant.	August 16, 2019
Keva York	rotten	ABC News (Australia)	Tarantino seems more interested in showing off his lead actors -- who take clear delight in hamming it up for him -- and his loving recreation of Los Angeles landmarks (like Musso & Frank's and El Coyote) than he is in building dramatic tension.	August 16, 2019
Michael J. Casey	fresh	Boulder Weekly	Only in dreams.	August 16, 2019
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	Perhaps the reason Tarantino doesn't look to the future is that, thanks to filmmakers like him, there's nothing there.	August 16, 2019
Ben Rolph	fresh	Discussing Film	Quentin Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is pure cinema intoxication, it's another Tarantino masterpiece, which in a way is his 'Vertigo', a film about film.	August 16, 2019
Peter Gray	fresh	Brisbanista	This is very much Tarantino's love letter to Hollywood, to the episodic television of eras gone by, and to the Tinseltown set-up that has all but vanished from the landscapes of today's cinema.	August 16, 2019
Chris Hunneysett	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	I loved every richly evocative, shamelessly entertaining and nostalgia-riven minute	August 15, 2019
Jonathan Dean	fresh	GQ Magazine [UK]	Funny, sad, beautiful, painful, poignant and slapstick.	August 15, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	A delicious celebration of art. [Full Review in Spanish]	August 15, 2019
Paul Whitington	rotten	Irish Independent	A love letter? There's no love in this film, except self-love maybe.	August 15, 2019
Alistair Harkness	fresh	Scotsman	Tarantino's finest work, Once Upon A Time... in Hollywood is a gorgeous celebration of everything that's magical about the movies and a savage expos of everything disturbing lurking just beneath the surface of the industry.	August 15, 2019
Dominic Corry	fresh	New Zealand Herald	There are moments in the film that gave me serious pause, even when factoring in their implied justification. But I cannot deny that, overall, I was utterly swept up into Tarantino's Hollywood. And it was a glorious place to be.	August 15, 2019
S. Indra Sathiabalan	fresh	The Sun Daily (Malaysia)	Tarantino makes sure there are no long draggy moments, and every scene will make you laugh, wonder what is going to happen next, or simply want to applaud.	August 15, 2019
Deborah Ross	fresh	The Spectator	I can't say what this adds up to. I can only say I was never bored and while the ending - brace yourself - has proved divisive.	August 15, 2019
Adam Nayman	fresh	Sight and Sound	A slow, indulgent ramble through a gloriously recreated past, placidly hypnotised by its own stately paced and luminous nostalgia.	August 15, 2019
Matthew Turner	fresh	Hero Collector	An elegiac, beautifully made and surprisingly moving tribute to 1960s Hollywood that is sure to reward multiple viewings.	August 15, 2019
Clarisse Loughrey	fresh	Independent (UK)	It's an unharmonious clash between two separate ideas: the director's personal anxieties and the real story of the end of the 1960s.	August 15, 2019
Ciaran Kerr	fresh	Film Bunker	The thing is just... messy, but like a Jackson Pollock painting, I found myself unable to look away. Did I enjoy my time watching it? Well, yes, I did. But do I know why? Not in the slightest.	August 15, 2019
Wenlei Ma	fresh	News.com.au	Less of a plot-driven story and more of an opulent mood piece, Once Upon a Time is a love letter, an evocation of a specific time and place.	August 15, 2019
Alan Cerny	fresh	VitalThrills.com	Once Upon A Time... In Hollywood is Quentin Tarantino at his most comfortable, and that's not always a good thing.	August 15, 2019
Rohan Naahar	fresh	Hindustan Times	Ironically for a film about the movies, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is far less kind to historical figures as it is to fictional characters such as Rick and Cliff.	August 15, 2019
Jennifer Heaton	rotten	Alternative Lens	What you're left with is an egocentric and juvenile piece of revisionist fan fiction that is completely oblivious to its own contemplative possibilities.	August 15, 2019
Katherine Monk	rotten	Ex-Press.com	It's clever, but like all things branded Tarantino, it's also purely exploitative.	August 14, 2019
Graeme Tuckett	rotten	Stuff.co.nz	Beyond the gratuitous cruelty, the slavering misogyny and the all-too-expected childish sadism of the final scenes of Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, what really struck me, walking out as the credits rolled, was just how let down I felt.	August 14, 2019
Leigh Paatsch	fresh	Herald Sun (Australia)	Tarantino's utterly unique combination of macro-bravado and micromanagement is the key that unlocks all of the greatness within Once Upon a Time in Hollywood.	August 14, 2019
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Love it or loathe it, it's worth appreciating how rare it now is to have an original movie produced on such a lavish scale.	August 14, 2019
Jake Wilson	fresh	The Age (Australia)	There seems little doubt that every detail of the tableau has been selected to give [Tarantino] pleasure, and we are being permitted to witness a private ritual of self-gratification, on more than one level.	August 14, 2019
Nigel Andrews	fresh	Financial Times	It is Tarantino's best, bravest and most confrontationally impudent movie since Pulp Fiction.	August 14, 2019
Kok Yufeng	fresh	The New Paper (Singapore)	[I]t is hard not to fall head over heels with the heady, almost exuberant, nostalgia trip that is Once Upon A Time In Hollywood.	August 14, 2019
Erik Henriksen	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	Even for all its sadness and threats of doom, Tarantino's film remains laugh-out-loud hilarious the whole goddamn time-you're going to want to see this with a crowd, to hear both the laughs and the screams, particularly during one remarkable sequence.	August 14, 2019
Linda Marric	fresh	The Jewish Chronicle	Spellbinding.	August 14, 2019
Andiee Paviour	fresh	Nobody's Reading This But Me	The story-line of writer-director Quentin Tarantino's ninth feature is one long high.	August 14, 2019
Daniel Rutledge	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	It's a particularly pleasurable groove that for some fans will make for Tarantino's most beloved work to date.	August 14, 2019
Sarah McIntyre	fresh	RT (Ireland)	Once Upon a Time In Hollywood has all the dazzlingly sumptuous production values, rich storytelling, razor sharp black humour and top-notch performances you would expect from a Tarantino film.	August 13, 2019
Ryan Gilbey	fresh	New Statesman	If Once Upon a Time... falls a long way short of meaningful, it still deserves credit for groping in its graceless way towards profound ideas about the restorative miracles of cinema and the consolation of lies projected at 24 frames per second.	August 13, 2019
Stuart Klawans	fresh	The Nation	What [Tarantino] created is a genuinely enthusiastic tribute to American entertainment in 1969, as well as a sad and moving farewell to those who never made it in the business.	August 12, 2019
Steph Cozza	fresh	Aggressive Comix	Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio's chemistry is just amazing on screen. They were so entertaining, super funny, the dialogue is really witty. Probably the funniest Tarantino movie ever.	August 12, 2019
Yago Garca	fresh	Cinemana (Spain)	Quentin [is]... courageous and willing to have fun, once again, with us. [Full review in Spanish]	August 12, 2019
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Student Edge	It's a loving, affectionate tribute to those who give their life to cinema, and to old-school moviemaking, but it's also a repudiation of the past, and how his town ignored the evil that flirted so closely to its fringes.	August 12, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	it was a fun lark but mostly forgettable	August 11, 2019
Victoria Alexander	rotten	Film Festival Today	Really? Not one moment of insight into what happened on Cielo Drive? Tarantino drank the Hollywood Kool-Aid. DiCaprio and Pitt get to hang out and do a lot of driving around.	August 11, 2019
Brandon Collins	fresh	Medium Popcorn	Some of the controversy is weird...but I trust every frame. At this point, you either like his movies or you don't.	August 9, 2019
Justin Brown	fresh	Medium Popcorn	Shot well, and both of those actors will get nominated...	August 9, 2019
Matt Hudson	fresh	What I Watched Tonight	Tarantino's ode to the Hollywood of old scores big for the majority of its overly long runtime.	August 9, 2019
Kevin Maher	fresh	Times (UK)	The plot is a tapestry template that drops in characters like shining beads and watches the story weave slowly around them.	August 8, 2019
Nathaniel Rogers	fresh	The Film Experience	It's impossible to imagine it having been made by anyone else.	August 8, 2019
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	Once Upon a Time... In Hollywood represents a singular vision that no other director could bring to life. Tarantino brings to life a world on the brink of change.	August 7, 2019
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	Aside from slow pace of the movie, and the occasional long-winded speech, this is a movie that is fun to watch, mainly because of the chemistry between Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio (great performance) and because of the film's satisfying ending.	August 6, 2019
Julia Swift	fresh	My Champlain Valley	Less violence than usual for Tarantino, but the same tendency for the camera to creepily sexualize all the women. Brad Pitt gave a layered, funny, heartfelt performance that saved the scattered script and directorial self-indulgent style.	August 6, 2019
Brian Lloyd	fresh	entertainment.ie	A leisurely drive through '60s Hollywood, 'Once Upon A Time...' may take some detours here and there, but that's half the fun of it.	August 6, 2019
James Kendrick	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	Tarantino builds the suspense and tension of looming violence, but regularly punctuates it with bits of pitch-perfect black comedy	August 6, 2019
Doug Jamieson	fresh	The Jam Report	A glitzy, dirty, and wickedly funny masterpiece, 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood' is Quentin Tarantino's glorious love letter to the Tinseltown of old.	August 6, 2019
Tessa Smith	fresh	Mama's Geeky	Once Upon A Time In Hollywood is absolutely brilliant. It might not be what you expect, but any movie that can make you laugh that hard at pure violence, deserves an award.	August 6, 2019
Marianna Neal	fresh	Impression Blend	The best way to go into "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" is to leave your expectations at the door, and just enjoy your time in 1969 Los Angeles.	August 6, 2019
Filipe Freitas	fresh	Always Good Movies	With all its ups and down, and definitely strained in terms of duration, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is a worthy ride that never stumbles into vulgarity.	August 6, 2019
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	A superb time at the movies, a languid, fun, exquisitely crafted "movie movie" that is best appreciated in the context of QT's whole career ... if this is your first Tarantino, you'll have a great time, but it needs to be your ninth for you to "get it."	August 5, 2019
Robert Daniels	rotten	Mediaversity Reviews	The portrayal of Bruce Lee and the othering of Mexicans has the appearance of Tarantino punching down for the sake of cheap humor.	August 5, 2019
Keith Phipps	fresh	Slate	A bittersweet, complex, conversation-starting look back at the film business at the close of a tumultuous decade, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood also works as a strong argument for why it's too soon for Tarantino to pack it in.	August 5, 2019
Jason Bailey	fresh	Flavorwire	Tarantino has become such a pro at telling these big-canvas stories, you barely notice he's picked up the pace until it's fully cranking.	August 5, 2019
Monica Reid	fresh	Far Out Magazine	There is not a predictable moment in the entire film, and the background facts necessary to the story's later development are provided without giving anything away.	August 5, 2019
Lauren Veneziani	fresh	WBAL-TV	Quentin Tarantino's 9th film features memorable performances from Leo, Brad and Margot, and is a love story to 1960s filmmaking in true Tarantino fashion.	August 5, 2019
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	'Once Upon a Time ...' is one of Tarantino's most-assured works, and it showcases his affection and love for the film industry.	August 5, 2019
Jim Laczkowski	rotten	Voices & Visions	Individual scenes brought a smile to my face but it's almost too episodic to come together in a satisfying way. The last act, in particular, is questionable.	August 4, 2019
Jorge Castillo	fresh	Prairie Dog Magazine	The reconstruction/glorification of L.A. in 1969 is evocative. Tarantino also succeeds at capturing the toxicity at the Spahn Movie Ranch where the Manson Family was holed up.	August 3, 2019
Matt Brunson	fresh	Film Frenzy	Before the picture ends, Tarantino has one ace left up his sleeve, and it's sure to divide audience opinion with the precision of the Red Sea parting.	August 3, 2019
Pete Vonder Haar	fresh	Houston Press	If Once Upon A Time in ... Hollywood really is Quentin Tarantino's penultimate film, he's entering his home stretch on a high note.	August 3, 2019
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	fresh	Film Festival Today	If one can take the bad with the good, however, then this fairytale delivers a rousing spectacle, whatever its flaws.	August 3, 2019
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	A love letter to the Hollywood he grew up watching, "Once Upon a Time..." is quite possibly the least "Tarantino" film the two-time Oscar winner has ever created.	August 3, 2019
Josephine Livingstone	fresh	The New Republic	Don't mistake me: This movie is good. It all depends on how hard you're willing to work to justify its pleasures.	August 2, 2019
Michael Medved	fresh	The Michael Medved Show	For Tarantino fans, it's a feast; for Tarantino skeptics, it's vastly more entertaining and impressive, for all its indulgences, than you would expect.	August 2, 2019
Bob Grimm	fresh	Reno News and Review	All of you whining that Margot Robbie doesn't have enough lines in this movie need to shut the heck up. You talk too much.	August 2, 2019
Lou Thomas	fresh	Den of Geek	Tarantino has created a storming hangout movie for the ages: changing times captured remarkably by a film in love with cinema itself.	August 1, 2019
George Elkind	rotten	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	Courting obsolescence by fielding inert anxieties about the same, ...Hollywood is a fable as old and familiar as the industry itself.	August 1, 2019
Richard von Busack	fresh	MetroActive	One feels less like reviewing Once Upon A Time in... Hollywood, and more like writing Quentin Tarantino a letter that begins, "Thank you for retrieving my lost city."	August 1, 2019
Rubn Rosario	fresh	MiamiArtZine	It's an ambitious and affectionate valentine that bites off more than it can chew but still finds a way to reward viewers' patience.	August 1, 2019
Matthew Passantino	rotten	Big Picture Big Sound	Tarantino has often been his own worst enemy, and when his movies don't work, it's often because he can't get out of his own way.	August 1, 2019
Rick Levin	fresh	Eugene Weekly (OR)	Tarantino has upped his game with this one, and in the process revealed the mature sensibility of a filmmaker capable of looking backward without simply cannibalizing his own achievements and becoming a self-parody.	August 1, 2019
Loren King	fresh	Newport This Week (RI)	It's a visually stunning, ambitious, confident work that, while still chock full of Tarantino's obsessions, film allusions and perfect period songs, gels stylistically and thematically.	August 1, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Niagara Gazette	Tarantino's "Once Upon a Time In...Hollywood" is a fable showcasing all you need to know about a director whose movies are worth seeing. He's a challenging artist with unique insights, not a panderer parading plastic sequels.	August 1, 2019
Patricia Puentes	fresh	CNET	I like this homage to Hollywood's golden age starring Brad Pitt, Leonardo DiCaprio and Margot Robbie. But I could do without all the blood spattering.	August 1, 2019
Chris Barsanti	fresh	PopMatters	Tarantino's surprisingly warm fantasy mash-up of California dreamin' and arthouse B-movie revenge fantasy is dreamy but sacrifices coherence for the indulgence of changing history.	July 31, 2019
Mel Evans	fresh	Metro (UK)	It's gratuitous, bloody, and bloody entertaining.	July 31, 2019
Terry Staunton	fresh	Radio Times	Quentin being Quentin, there will be blood (and guts), but this version of Hollywood is built on heart and soul.	July 31, 2019
George Simpson	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	Naturally, this method across the film's 161-minute runtime is somewhat self-indulgent of Tarantino, with a meandering middle, but ultimately proves a delight all-in-all.	July 31, 2019
Rick Kisonak	fresh	Seven Days	Tarantino is nostalgic and elevates that longing into a thing of elegiac beauty.	July 31, 2019
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Shakes out as an epic tone poem about dreams fed by violence and envy and credulity.	July 31, 2019
Rachel Leishman	rotten	The Mary Sue	The movie isn't perfect; it has its flaws... and we don't all have to love the idea of the struggle of the straight, white, male actor.	July 31, 2019
Ruth Maramis	rotten	FlixChatter Film Blog	Though there are parts that I did enjoy, there are plenty of scenes that did not sit well with me. The fact that both his male leads remain the same from beginning to end is perhaps a reflection on Tarantino himself throughout his career.	July 31, 2019
Alachia Queen	fresh	Alachia Queen	The movie is a meh-kay story on the surface but if you look deeper it's also a pretty compelling manifesto by Quentin Tarantino on New Hollywood.	July 31, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	Like other [Quentin] Tarantino movies, what feels like a period drama is actually another entertaining romp through his own wild world.	July 31, 2019
Allen Adams	fresh	The Maine Edge	[Once Upon A Time ... In Hollywood] is a fairy tale, with all that that term implies. It is weird and sprawling, filled with sharp edges and gentle curves. Just like Hollywood.	July 31, 2019
Kent Garrison	fresh	Mad About Movies Podcast	It's obvious on screen that Tarantino is having the time of his life, and the duo of Dalton & Booth might be his most entertaining achievement to date.	July 31, 2019
Michael Winkler	fresh	Pop Culture Leftovers	Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood is not only Tarantino's funniest movie but also his bravest.	July 31, 2019
Matthew Rozsa	rotten	Salon.com	It feels like Tarantino is so wrapped up in indulging in his own filmmaking style that he loses sight of what made his best movies work.	July 30, 2019
Dana Stevens	rotten	Slate	It's dispiriting to suspect that part of why Tarantino wanted to stage a Manson-adjacent story was because the accoutrements-the period cars and costumes and neon signs, the glowering barefoot hippie girls, the acid-laced cigarettes-were just so cool.	July 30, 2019
Morgan Rojas	fresh	Cinemacy	A glamorous tale of the '60s gruesome end.	July 30, 2019
Andr Hereford	fresh	Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)	The movie proves, yet again, that the director of Pulp Fiction and Inglourious Basterds knows how to make a picture big, without the aid of comic book superheroes or CGI behemoths.	July 30, 2019
Lindsay Zoladz	rotten	The Ringer	You can't tell the story of the Manson murders without at least gesturing toward Polanski, but he's presented with an unexamined lightness that feels indicative of the movie's general tendency to skirt tougher questions about violence against women.	July 30, 2019
Perri Nemiroff	fresh	Perri Nemiroff	The complete package isn't a home run, but it's still loaded with unforgettable moments showcasing the chemistry between DiCaprio, Pitt and other ensemble standouts - particularly Julia Butters, Margaret Qualley and Austin Butler.	July 30, 2019
Sean Chandler	fresh	Sean Chandler Talks About	While it's not another Tarantino classic, it is a compelling look at 60's Hollywood with great performances and a satisfying conclusion.	July 30, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	Easily Tarantino's most deeply felt film to date. Beneath his instantly recognizable sense of dark humor, it's a pensive and haunted reverie of the fading shadows of old Hollywood."	July 30, 2019
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	Nobody makes movies like Tarantino makes movies and "Once Upon" is one of his best. It is too long and too aimless in spots but overall it is just genius filmmaking.	July 30, 2019
Alex Leininger	rotten	PopMatters	Not only is this one of Tarantino's least risky films, it's also one of his most forgettable.	July 30, 2019
Sr. Rose Pacatte	fresh	St. Anthony Messenger	It is vintage Tarantino, an ode to television's past with an impressive cast. Only this time, tragically, the plot is based on true events.	July 30, 2019
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	The fact that "Once Upon a Time" isn't exactly what you'd expect is a testament to Tarantino's ability to still shock and surprise audiences, even as he's up to his familiar tricks.	July 30, 2019
Brendan Morrow	fresh	The Week	[Quentin] Tarantino has the confidence to rely almost entirely on character, setting, and mood to keep a film of his afloat. And in this case, Once Upon a Time in ... Hollywood sure does float.	July 30, 2019
Candice Frederick	fresh	Shondaland	Once Upon a Time...in Hollywood is at once a wickedly entertaining, nostalgic, tragic, yet timely look at a town consumed with narcissism and, ironically, its own mortality.	July 30, 2019
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Altogether, "Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood" is a violent if loving tribute to a bygone era, and a bizarrely wistful "what if" take on a dark chapter in history.	July 30, 2019
Tony Macklin	fresh	tonymacklin.net	Tarantino thinks movies can change history. Wouldn't that be nice?	July 30, 2019
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	It's Tarantino's fairy tale version of America, in the counter-culture days of the 1960s.	July 30, 2019
Ian Sandwell	fresh	Digital Spy	Overlong and meandering but also lovingly crafted and brilliantly acted, it's the kind of movie that only Tarantino could make.	July 30, 2019
Lewis Knight	fresh	Daily Mirror (UK)	Once Upon a Time in Hollywood sees Quentin Tarantino deliver his best in years with a beautifully-realised cinematic odyssey into the Hollywood of yesteryear	July 30, 2019
Diana Saenger	rotten	ReviewExpress.com	I think the majority of Movie goers these days do not go to the see movies that appear like one thing but is not what they expected	July 30, 2019
Bill Arceneaux	fresh	Rogue Sagan	There's suspense in the comedy, there's comedy in the chilling, there's tenderness in the manly, and there's a fairy tale above a city most ruthless. A breath of mountain air. Purely wonderful.	July 30, 2019
Jeff Beck	rotten	The Blu Spot	For a director who so clearly loves films and filmmaking, you would think that this set-up, combined with his skills, would be a killer combination, not something that you just shrug off nearly three hours later.	July 29, 2019
Ani Bundel	rotten	NBC News THINK	"Once Upon A Time" takes this opportunity and mostly squanders it, reframing the murders as a story about white male heroism that does a disservice both to Tate and to the story Tarantino was ostensibly trying to explore.	July 29, 2019
Stephen Rebello	rotten	Playboy Online	The movie is getting almost universally praised as a second coming of summer-movie fun. To this viewer, it just seemed like a letdown. Tarantino is better than this.	July 29, 2019
Ryan Syrek	rotten	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	For the second straight time, Quentin Tarantino has made a mean, ugly movie that revels in the grotesque mutilation of a woman at the hands of a man.	July 29, 2019
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	It has a confident, leisurely pace. If this represents the beginning of a new, more mature era for the aging phenom-his Cliff Booth phase, if you will-I couldn't be more excited for it.	July 29, 2019
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	As the Once Upon a Time part of the title implies, Tarantino's ninth movie works as both a celebratory and subversive fairy tale, one in which nobody really lives happily, and many not for ever after.	July 29, 2019
Nick Rocco Scalia	fresh	Film Threat	In some ways, this is the most Quentin Tarantino movie ever made, in other ways it's the least, but overall, it's a damn good time - even if its final impact is a bit muted compared to the director's biggest triumphs.	July 29, 2019
Hunter Lanier	fresh	Film Threat	The movie's a cigarette glow in the darkness. People laude Tarantino for his dialogue and kinetic cinematography, but forget to mention that he's the last proprietor of "cool."	July 29, 2019
Brian D. Johnson	rotten	Maclean's Magazine	It seems as desperate to be adored as Jay Gatsby himself, and it's suffocated by delusions of grandeur on a comparable scale.	August 13, 2019
PJ Nabarro	rotten	Patrick Nabarro	Where the movie is less successful is in homing in on the inherent melancholic darkness and the subtle allusiveness of Gatsby's central journey.	August 13, 2019
Leslie Combemale	fresh	Cinema Siren	The Great Gatsby is a gorgeously filmed, exquisitely designed, bombastic ode to excess, with a melancholy undertone that leaves you confused and a bit sad, but sated and satisfied.	July 30, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	It retains the raw power of the original story without sacrificing thematic intimacy, and that is a rare achievement indeed.	June 8, 2019
Micheal Compton	rotten	Bowling Green Daily News	I found it to be all style and glitz and very little substance.	April 10, 2019
Rachael Mead	rotten	Square Eyes	...by the end I couldn't help feeling the film had missed the mark.	March 20, 2019
Amie Simon	rotten	Three Imaginary Girls	Look, anytime you can't get some tears out of ME with a tragic love story, I feel like you're doing it wrong. I cry at Google commercials!	March 2, 2019
J. Hoberman	rotten	ARTINFO.com	Subtlety is not a concept but giddy as it is, The Great Gatsby lacks the lunatic excess of Moulin Rouge!	February 22, 2019
Allen Adams	rotten	The Maine Edge	The biggest problem with The Great Gatsby is that the filmmakers [Baz] Luhrmann in particular seem to have lost sight of much of what makes the novel an American classic.	February 20, 2019
Abbie Bernstein	fresh	Assignment X	This rendition of The Great Gatsby is certainly worth seeing, but don't expect a greatly emotional experience.	January 26, 2019
Kelly Jane Torrance	rotten	Washington Examiner	Each time one of the story's main characters is introduced, there's a pregnant pause to tell the audience we're meeting someone important here.	December 19, 2018
Zaki Hasan	rotten	Zaki's Corner	Feels less like a literate attempt to translate Fitzgerald to the screen than it does the moonshine-induced fever dream of a crazed wino who drifted to sleep with a crumpled copy of the book clutched to his chest.	November 2, 2018
Stephen Marche	fresh	Esquire Magazine	The illusions that Gatsby and Luhrmann create are lies and ultimately cheap and corrupt, but their spell is nonetheless powerful.	October 18, 2018
Deborah Ross	fresh	The Spectator	This is fantastically enjoyable, and a blast. It is wild and rampant and thrilling. It's the best film I've seen since the last best film I saw, whatever and whenever that was.	September 4, 2018
Pat Padua	rotten	DCist	Its boat too often rides along the current, borne safely into mediocrity.	August 30, 2018
Megan Basham	rotten	WORLD	When the crucial moment of the story comes, it feels emotionally stunted and unrelated to anything that has passed.	April 17, 2018
Nick Pinkerton	fresh	Sight and Sound	It is not the novel, no, but happy to report, the madly embattled result is a real movie.	April 4, 2018
Alexandra MacAaron	fresh	Women's Voices for Change	A fan of the Redford/Farrow version, I was prepared to be disappointed. And I was wrong. It may be a bit too much of a wild ride visually. But it gave me a new way of looking at a familiar figure. And there's something pretty great about that.	December 3, 2017
Josh Terry	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	It most closely echoes Moulin Rouge, and that may be the easiest way to evaluate the film. if you liked Moulin Rouge, you'll probably like Gatsby. If you didn't, then you're in for more of the same.	November 29, 2017
Sarah Marrs	rotten	Cinesnark	... Luhrmann's Gatsby is so over-the-top as to be migraine inducing, a loud, violently bright film that assaults your eyeballs repeatedly with more glitter and Day-Glo than your retinas can handle.	October 21, 2017
Nick Dent	fresh	Time Out Sydney	[Gatsby] is a canonical tale given a fresh spin.	September 27, 2017
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	Like flicking through the pages of Vogue whilst sipping a martini.	September 5, 2017
Brooke Corso	rotten	The Monitor (McAllen, TX)	When the film requires more depth, we see the cracks appear, as if the dizzying pace of the party leaves one unable to balance once the music stops.	August 18, 2017
Sonny Bunch	rotten	Washington Free Beacon	There's something dispiriting about a filmmaker who does his best to be utterly faithful to the words on the page, but doesn't seem to recognize what those words mean.	July 14, 2016
Jason Bailey	rotten	Flavorwire	It's a headache-inducing mishmash of waving curtains, hyperactive fades, aggressive zooms, and Baz basically just throwing things at the lens (confetti, champagne, fabric, Tobey Maguire).	June 21, 2016
Francesca Rudkin	fresh	New Zealand Herald	Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby might not reach the dizzying heights of Fitzgerald's novel, but he gives it a damn good shot, old sport.	June 14, 2016
J. Olson	rotten	Cinemixtape	It's not one spectacularly bad decision that sinks "The Great Gatsby," but a series of mediocre ones, leaving us with a film as forgettable as it is unnecessary.	April 12, 2016
James Plath	fresh	Family Home Theater	The film's strength is its visual style and Luhrmann's daring high-wire act.	March 30, 2016
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	Luhrmann is quite content to stay on the surface, to rub elbows with tuxedoed gents and bewitching flappers.	July 15, 2015
Sean Burns	rotten	Philadelphia Weekly	Based on a book that's not particularly well-suited to movies, the film is a chintzy, 3-D muddle in which Leonardo DiCaprio happens to be amazing.	April 28, 2015
Richard Knight	rotten	Windy City Times	...of such bacchanalian proportions that it requires an act of will to sit there passively as the senses are not merely assaulted but pummeled into submission. It's akin to watching a play staged on a carousel.	June 27, 2014
Damien Straker	rotten	Impulse Gamer	As a filmmaker, Baz has fine technical knowledge but he never knows when to call cut.	January 19, 2014
Wesley Morris	rotten	Grantland	For all the antic, manic itchiness of his Gatsby, for all the jazz hands, the movie doesn't reach out and grab you.	January 3, 2014
Donald J. Levit	rotten	ReelTalk Movie Reviews	Leonardo DiCaprio is wrong as Jay Gatsby but right when, momentarily embarrassed for once, he stammers that 'this is a terrible mistake.'	December 1, 2013
Stuart Klawans	fresh	The Nation	What's amazing is the mixture of willpower and uncertainty, mendacity and credulity, gracefulness and self-conscious posing that [DiCaprio] conveys, even before you see him speak.	November 1, 2013
Mara Reinstein	rotten	Us Weekly	Just because a film looks like it was dipped in 18-karat gold doesn't mean it's rich in quality	September 22, 2013
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	Many audiences will write [this] off as style over substance, but I think [director] Luhrmann supplies style along with great substance.	August 29, 2013
Jeremy Lebens	fresh	We Got This Covered	The Great Gatsby is a visual treat & one worth the 3D surcharge, but feels like a lopsided endeavor that captures the style & energy, but not exactly the heart & soul	August 29, 2013
Michael Dequina	fresh	TheMovieReport.com	Boils down to its essence of pure feeling, in every sense--from literal stimulus and sensation to the emotions, in all their seething, loving, consuming, destructive passions, that drive the characters and their actions.	August 28, 2013
MaryAnn Johanson	rotten	Flick Filosopher	Alternately intriguing and infuriating: it's very like the sort of movie exuberantly excessive Gatsby himself might have made.	August 26, 2013
Chris Barsanti	rotten	PopMatters	This is kitsch at such a deep level it doesn't even seem to be aware that it's kitsch.	August 24, 2013
Eric D. Snider	rotten	ScreenAnarchy	Almost 100 percent faithful to the novel in terms of plot, and almost zero percent faithful in terms of theme, character, and impact.	July 12, 2013
Brian Gibson	rotten	Vue Weekly (Edmonton, Alberta)	This take, pimped out in 3D spectacle and one woozy romance, renders the '20s as backdrop and swerves around the book's period-politics. A surreal slice-of-a-1922-summer overbaked into maximalist fantasia. The narrative frame is silly; the pacing is off.	July 11, 2013
John Hanlon	fresh	John Hanlon Reviews	An ambitious, multi-colored triumph, this film will be hard to forget.	June 30, 2013
Blake Howard	rotten	2UE That Movie Show	The Great Gatsby is Baz Luhrman's visual tribute album to the novel; and it's only in his filmmaking comfort zones that any of the essence of the text elevates beyond karaoke.	June 30, 2013
Will Leitch	rotten	Deadspin	Adapting Gatsby just so you can recreate the party scenes is like remaking Born on the Fourth of July for the war scenes. Luhrmann has a knack for missing the point.	June 23, 2013
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	...as disastrous and pointless an adaptation as one can easily recall...	June 23, 2013
Wesley Lovell	fresh	Cinema Sight	A stunning recreation of 1920's New York that sticks as close to its source material as it can while delivering an engaging adaptation.	June 18, 2013
Jason Best	rotten	Movie Talk	If Fitzgerald's Jazz Age classic is the Great American Novel, then this frantically jazzed-up 3D film is the pop-up-book version.	June 16, 2013
Violet Lucca	rotten	Film Comment Magazine	Though it is quite possible that the neutered feel of Luhrmann's Gatsby is entirely due to studio meddling, the finished product isn't enjoyable, either as campy fun or a serious attempt at dismantling the American dream.	June 14, 2013
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	For some reason every time someone mentions Gatsby's name for the first time someone else has to say it questioningly, which to me sounds like a perfect condition for a drinking game	June 13, 2013
Todd Jorgenson	rotten	Cinemalogue	... offers some brilliant moments before turning into another case of self-indulgent sensory overload.	June 12, 2013
David Thomson	rotten	The New Republic	It's stupefying, it's vulgar, it's demeaning-it's dull and there's nothing like the dullness that is trying to be a sensation.	June 12, 2013
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	Se esta adaptao de Luhrmann funciona melhor dramaticamente que as tentativas anteriores, isto se deve  sua capacidade de humanizar o personagem-ttulo sem desvend-lo completamente.	June 10, 2013
Fiona Williams	rotten	sbs.com.au	Without Nick to articulate the decline, The Great Gatsby is reduced to little more than a love triangle between the remotely rich.	June 10, 2013
Kam Williams	fresh	Sly Fox	A riveting reinterpretation for the Hip-Hop Generation apt to be best appreciated by fans of gangsta' rap videos weaned on shallow, hedonistic displays of misogyny and materialism.	June 9, 2013
Dominic Corry	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	While it never stops calling attention to itself, it's still a wonder to behold.	June 6, 2013
David 'Mad Dog' Bradley	rotten	Rip It Up	The biggest problem here is the quartet of Leo, Tobey, Carey and Joel stuck with such pain-in-the-arse characters. And all the amusingly anachronistic soundtracking, gorgeous production design and cinematic gloriousness can't make up for that, old sport.	June 4, 2013
Ryan Gilbey	rotten	New Statesman	What makes The Great Gatsby a failure is Luhrmann's fear of the delicate moment, the ungilded lily. His camera whizzes across Manhattan, hurtling down the sides of skyscrapers, until overkill seeps into every quiet corner.	June 4, 2013
Bruce Bennett	rotten	Spectrum (St. George, Utah)	An ambitious, beautiful but shallow alternative to typical summer fare.	June 3, 2013
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	When you throw in the extravagant sets, costumes and visual effects, it's as if you're watching a moving painting. New York in the 1920s could not look any more beautiful.	June 3, 2013
John Beifuss	rotten	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	So we beat on, stereoscopic boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past, listening to Amy Winehouse.	June 3, 2013
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	What's truly telling about this brash, boisterous adaptation is that the director clearly understands the spirit of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel better than most film critics.	June 2, 2013
Simon Foster	rotten	Screen-Space	Luhrmann's current creative mindset reflects more PT Barnum than J Gatsby; a manipulative showman able to conjure images of light and colour to dazzle the masses while wilfully neglecting their hearts and minds.	June 1, 2013
Simon Weaving	fresh	Screenwize	Sure, it's a Bazdardisation, but underneath the over-the-top art-deco design there's an elegant and sometimes touching tale to be found, with Gatsby (Leonardo DiCaprio) reaching out for the woman he cannot seem to forget.	May 31, 2013
John Serba	rotten	MLive.com	For all of the impossible, succulent beauty Luhrmann shows us, the film doesn't thoroughly cultivate the emotional foundation it needs to prop up such extravagance.	May 31, 2013
Cameron Williams	fresh	The Popcorn Junkie	It's cinematic gluttony and Baz Luhrmann does it incredibly well, but like the attendees of one of Gatsby's shindigs, you'll have a fun time but not remember much the next day	May 30, 2013
Matt Neal	fresh	The Standard	Like Gatsby himself, it comes so close to achieving its dream, only to fall agonisingly and frustratingly short.	May 30, 2013
Adam Ross	rotten	The Aristocrat	It may sound like a strange comparison, but the film that Gatsby reminded me of the most is Oliver Stone's Natural Born Killers.	May 30, 2013
Thomas Caldwell	fresh	Cinema Autopsy	The Great Gatsby is so close to being a great film, let down by its own refusal to exist in the moment.	May 30, 2013
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Quickflix	Feels warm, extra-terrestrial, and impossible... Whether one thinks it a folly or not, we'll never see another Great Gatsby like the one Baz Luhrmann has magicked up.	May 29, 2013
Jon Frosch	fresh	France24	Luhrmann's "Gatsby" is made with enough passion and vision to liberate it from its revered source material - no small feat.	May 28, 2013
Luke Buckmaster	rotten	In Film Australia	Baz Luhrmann's adaptation of The Great Gatsby cements his reputation as the quasi-intellectual's Michael Bay, who destroys things with glitter instead of Transformers.	May 28, 2013
Tom Glasson	rotten	Concrete Playground	Baz Luhrmann's Gatsby is a tale of two halves: unremarkable in the first and unexpected in the second.	May 27, 2013
Cara Nash	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	Luhrmann understands Fitzgerald's book and brings the writer's classic prose to life on cinematic terms that feel thrilling, visceral and immediate.	May 26, 2013
Brent Simon	rotten	Shared Darkness	Luhrmann's take on perhaps the original American #RichPeopleProblems novel -- about misplaced male ambition and romantic longing, and the perils of female drivers -- is a work of fizzy, surface decadence.	May 25, 2013
Matt Looker	rotten	TheShiznit.co.uk	Luhrmann basically invites us to the world's greatest party, but it's one that slowly sours over the course of the following two hours.	May 24, 2013
Chris Laverty	fresh	Clothes on Film	Less is not more, more is more. Luhrmann's Great Gatsby embraces this notion as a reflection of its central character, and in this sense at least it is near-on perfect.	May 23, 2013
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	Luhrmann's greatest trick in "The Great Gatsby" is using the romantic plot - will Daisy choose Jay or Tom - as camouflage to get across Fitzgerald's withering and timely portrait of a society dancing to the edge of disaster.	May 23, 2013
Corey Hall	rotten	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	All the CGI-assisted, 3-D sparkle is a wonder to behold, and for a short time it effectively distracts from the inert drama underneath.	May 23, 2013
Ed Gibbs	rotten	The Age (Australia)	Luhrmann understandably wants his Gatsby to be great, but he has inadvertently reminded us that the Great American Novel belongs precisely where it was born: on the page.	May 23, 2013
Rob Humanick	fresh	The Berks-Mont News	Luhrmann makes the most out of what might be considered the text's music video counterpart.	May 22, 2013
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	Baz Luhrmann gives the movie just the right amount of Baz-amatazz!	May 22, 2013
Margot Harrison	fresh	Seven Days	Nick's voice in the novel is a dry, cutting counterpoint; the movie subordinates his irony to his angst and his boyish admiration for Gatsby.	May 22, 2013
Andrew L. Urban	fresh	Urban Cinefile	Luhrmann and his design/vision soulmate Catherine Martin package all this in oversize gift boxes all superbly ribboned and bowed, but we have to accept that the presents inside are just as valuable and meaningful	May 21, 2013
Louise Keller	fresh	Urban Cinefile	There's a pulsating hyper reality about the film in which everything is zinging ... emotional cred is wanting but Luhrman's Gatsby overall delivers a feast that is more than enough to satisfy and enthrall	May 21, 2013
Jules Brenner	rotten	Cinema Signals	Orson Welles had his Citizen Kane. Luhrmann has his Great Gatsby. But, Gatsby is no Kane and Luhrmann doesn't appear to be an Orson. The lesson is that if you're going to make a movie about your hero's emptiness, that will be the nature of the product.	May 20, 2013
Pete Vonder Haar	rotten	Houston Press	If I hear someone say "Old sport" one more time I will run them over with my giant yellow convertible.	May 19, 2013
Shaun Munro	rotten	Film School Rejects	This is another Baz Luhrmann film that fails to engage either the heart or the mind.	May 19, 2013
Ed Whitfield	rotten	The Ooh Tray	Why didn't the maestro didn't just go the whole hog and rename it "Jazz Hands: A Love Story"? A bottle of your best champagne says he thought about it.	May 19, 2013
CJ Johnson	fresh	ABC Radio (Australia)	This is an interpretation of Gatsby (minor spoiler alert) that revels in the idea of Gatsby and Daisy as two psychopaths (or at least social sociopaths), lovers whose disregard for others, as they pursue their own twisted desires, is bonkers.	May 18, 2013
Philip French	rotten	Observer (UK)	It is the sheer size, overstatement and noise, both visually and aurally, that sinks Luhrmann's picture.	May 18, 2013
Cole Smithey	rotten	ColeSmithey.com	[VIDEO ESSAY] Baz Luhrmann's bastardization of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel is a travesty. The film represents a sin against cinema and literature of cataclysmic proportions.	May 18, 2013
James Kendrick	rotten	Q Network Film Desk	too much for its own good, drowning its best intentions in stylistic overkill	May 17, 2013
Matt Brunson	rotten	Creative Loafing	Here's the thing about director Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby: It actually remains quite faithful to the book. ... But it rarely taps into the essence of the novel, preferring instead to continuously showcase the glitz over the grit.	May 17, 2013
Donald Clarke	rotten	Irish Times	You don't watch Baz Luhrmann's detonation of F Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby; you get beaten up by it	May 17, 2013
Graham Young	rotten	Birmingham Post	( ... ) an overlong, 143-minute film which feels, certainly in the first half at least, weighed down by its own, dizzying magnitude.	May 17, 2013
Rich Cline	fresh	Contactmusic.com	Baz Luhrmann (Moulin Rouge) is the perfect director to take on F. Scott Fitzgerald's iconic novel about the American dream, simply because he's an expert at showing the emptiness of hyperactive excess.	May 17, 2013
Brian Henry Martin	fresh	UTV	DiCaprio certainly looks the part, a sharp dressed man with a sunny face and a shady past. He shimmers on screen with an orange glow. Where he falls short is in the dark glamour of Gatsby, when his American dream turns into a nightmare.	May 17, 2013
Stephen Silver	rotten	EntertainmentTell	Not quite a disaster, but the worst I can say about 'Gatsby' is that it's severely flawed, and often boring.	May 16, 2013
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	Trim an hour of the repetitive smut and insert a cohesive thesis for DiCaprio's performance to rely on and maybe this would have earned all the praise it has received.	August 6, 2019
Nicholas Bell	fresh	IONCINEMA.com	Terence Winter, creator and writer of The Sopranos, has written a marvelously comedic script, with howlingly funny bits of dialogue. But perhaps its most magnificent accent is the delightful DiCaprio in perhaps his best union yet with Scorsese.	July 24, 2019
Christopher Preston	fresh	One Room With A View	The Wolf of Wall Street isn't a film: it's a party. But so what? We're all invited.	June 8, 2019
Amie Simon	fresh	Three Imaginary Girls	... fun and funny and brilliant and hilarious and just kills it with THE EXCESS.	March 2, 2019
Micheal Compton	fresh	Bowling Green Daily News	When Wolf of Wall Street focuses on Belfort's business and stays in the workplace, it is at its best, taking viewers on an exhilarating ride... But, oddly, the biggest problem with this film about excess and over indulgence is that it feels too excessive.	February 1, 2019
Nathalia Aryani	fresh	San Diego Entertainer	DiCaprio lives it up like the king of the world and swaggers into a staggering performance. Deplorable, hysterical, phenomenal. The Wolf of Wall Street spirals with sins and sizzles with exuberance.	January 25, 2019
PJ Nabarro	fresh	Patrick Nabarro	Evidence of a filmmaker at the top of his game. The story never lets up: the relentless correlative of narcotic mania from filmmaker to character is sustained throughout.	November 24, 2018
Morgan Rojas	fresh	Cinemacy	Dicaprio and Jonah Hill make an oddly perfect on-screen duo, as their dryly humorous performances throw contrast to the film's real comedic bread and butter, all of the eccentricities flying around them.	November 15, 2018
Tara Thorne	rotten	The Coast (Halifax, Nova Scotia)	Scorsese and DiCaprio should just take a long vacation together and leave the rest of us out of it.	November 15, 2018
Jennifer Heaton	fresh	Alternative Lens	It may cover some ground the director covered in Goodfellas or Casino, but nothing in those pictures can match up to the mania on display here.	November 1, 2018
Alistair Ryder	fresh	Cinemole	The Wolf of Wall Street is Scorsese's best film in at least two decades, and certainly the best of his five DiCaprio collaborations.	October 21, 2018
Pat Padua	fresh	DCist	An epic raunch comedy-drama wolf in holiday prestige sheep's clothing	August 30, 2018
Joseph Walsh	fresh	CineVue	Terence Winter crafts a pithy script, laced with salacious one-liners.	August 23, 2018
Camilla Long	fresh	Sunday Times (UK)	The result is a superb performance from DiCaprio as the swaggering, shouting bastard, and probably Scorsese's best film in 15 years.	February 22, 2018
Carlos Boyero	fresh	El Pais (Spain)	Scorsese's art continues in dazzling form. May it last us a long time. [Full review in Spanish]	February 8, 2018
Hugo Hernndez Valdivia	fresh	Cinexcepcin	Scorsese illuminates the best and the worst of the human race... [Full review in Spanish]	December 13, 2017
Srijana Mitra Das	fresh	The Times of India	DiCaprio runs away with Jordan, magnetic as he trains his pack to hunt, brutally funny when high on drugs, he crawls to his low-slung Ferrari.	November 17, 2017
Adam Cook	fresh	Cinema Scope	While Scorsese's latest resembles After Hours in its absurdist tone and progressively exhausting succession of wild occurrences, it's GoodFellas that is clearly Wolf's closest cousin in the director's oeuvre.	October 17, 2017
Larushka Ivan-Zadeh	fresh	Metro (UK)	The film has roused censure for glorifying crime, with scant, awkwardly realised minutes paid to Belfort's eventual comeuppance. But surely 71-year-old Scorsese, a one-time wannabe priest whose work is preoccupied with morality, did that deliberately?	September 6, 2017
Dorothy Woodend	rotten	The Tyee (British Columbia)	In a year of breathtaking sexism, here is a big three-hour helping of more of the same.	August 17, 2017
Hayden Manders	fresh	Refinery29	It is a good movie but it's also polarizing. A viewer is either going to love it or hate it. The reason being not because the film itself is bad - it's an A+ effort on all fronts - but because the story is repulsive.	June 27, 2017
Sonny Bunch	fresh	Washington Free Beacon	If one watches this film and thinks Scorsese has crafted it to exculpate rather than expose the behavior of Jordan Belfort ... well, one has rather missed the point.	July 14, 2016
Nick Newman	fresh	The Film Stage	How half-brained masculine and economic mentalities are channeled to a mutual, logical, terrible climax in one of the year's more terrifying final shots is what's truly essential.	June 21, 2016
Jason Bailey	fresh	Flavorwire	Scorsese is fascinated by procedure, by drawing back the curtain and showing us how things happen, though he keeps the picture nimble and entertaining enough to avoid burying himself in the minutiae.	June 18, 2016
Kong Rithdee	fresh	Bangkok Post	DiCaprio makes Belfort a childish charmer, sleazy and arrogant.	May 10, 2016
J. Olson	fresh	Cinemixtape	Leonardo DiCaprio is a nuclear bomb as Belfort, the actor basking in the ridiculousness of his surroundings and eclipsing them at every turn.	April 17, 2016
Alissa Wilkinson	fresh	Christianity Today	[Belfort is] in the wrong. That's for sure. But to walk away and not realize we're at least a little complicit, too, would be foolhardy.	April 13, 2016
Michael Atkinson	rotten	In These Times	The Wolf of Wall Street may implicitly feign moral indignation, but it also suffers from its own Belfortian tunnel vision.	April 12, 2016
Rob Gonsalves	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	It may be the most exuberant film about sin ever made.	July 14, 2015
Sean Burns	fresh	EntertainmentTell	A marathon of depravity. The relentless vulgarity feels heroic.	May 5, 2015
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	DiCaprio's powerhouse performance, and Scorsese's brilliantly energetic direction make this a must watch for film lovers.	April 23, 2015
Martin Roberts	fresh	Fan The Fire	A terrific watch, and bound to be one of the funniest films of the year, but perhaps a tad indulgent and lacking the emotional resonance that could've escalated it to truly unmissable status.	November 7, 2014
Graham Young	fresh	Birmingham Mail	A forgiving nature and lots of stamina is needed for this no-holds-barred hedonistic ride into the Roman orgy-style excesses of the 1990s' financial world	October 10, 2014
Scott Mendelson	fresh	Forbes	I genuinely fear an entire generation of young would-be financial gurus seeing this film as their Scarface, reveling in the wish-fulfillment excess while dismissing any and all social commentary or moral condemnation.	August 11, 2014
Mark Hughes	fresh	Forbes	The Wolf of Wall Street is a film that speaks to our times, and it is saying some very important things if we care to listen.	August 1, 2014
Clayton Davis	fresh	AwardsCircuit.com	Terence Winter's script is a natural and well-oiled machine that produces the words of a demigod. You couldn't make these things up.	July 28, 2014
Richard Knight	rotten	Windy City Times	[An] ultimately hollow exercise in movie excess.	June 28, 2014
Melissa Anderson	rotten	Artforum	Scorsese's hard-R portrayal of Belfort and company's insatiable appetites -- for money, for whores, for drugs, for stuff -- pierces until it numbs.	May 22, 2014
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	It's another variation on Scorsese's favorite kind of a story, the rise and fall. In this case, he and frequent collaborator Leonardo DiCaprio go on a full-out cinematic bender.	April 23, 2014
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	Terence Winter's adaptation of convicted fraudster Jordan Belfort's memoir is nonstop splat-thwack-four-letter-120-miles-an-hour-f----s----f--- you. To money, to America, to women.	April 7, 2014
Felix Vasquez Jr.	fresh	Cinema Crazed	A classic tale of the unquenchable thirst of greed...	March 1, 2014
Shane Danielsen	fresh	sbs.com.au	Martin Scorsese's finest in more than a decade.	February 21, 2014
Anthony Morris	fresh	The Vine	Scorsese wheels out all his slick tricks to turn this relatively one-note story into a three hour thrill-ride that only ever feels tired when it's vital to the story.	February 13, 2014
Tom Glasson	fresh	Concrete Playground	This much-anticipated chronicle of depravity at once amuses and nauseates.	February 12, 2014
Jackie K. Cooper	fresh	jackiekcooper.com	Full of sex, drugs and amoral characters, but it is fascinating to watch.	February 10, 2014
Raam Tarat	fresh	Future Movies UK	This is a fantastic exploration of greed, money, and a truly flawed character that spent much of the nineties on a jaw-dropping but pernicious thrill-ride.	February 7, 2014
Nick Pinkerton	fresh	Sight and Sound	Along with its three-hour runtime, this baggy plotting may make Wolf a somewhat harder sell to audiences but it's a deeper movie than The Departed -- among the best that Scorsese has made.	February 7, 2014
David Keyes	rotten	Cinemaphile.org	Plays less as an insightful critique and more as an exercise in indulgence.	February 6, 2014
Josh Hylton	rotten	Dark Horizons	Though it's not a bad movie (it is Scorsese, after all), The Wolf of Wall Street is surprisingly off-putting, overlong and morally skewed.	February 6, 2014
Deborah Ross	rotten	The Spectator	There is no psychological insight, no moral insight, just no insight, full stop. And it palls after a while.	February 5, 2014
Jonathan Kiefer	fresh	SF Weekly	While DiCaprio lets loose portraying Belfort's plutocratic debauchery, Scorsese looks on with kid-in-candy-store glee.	February 4, 2014
Jason Best	fresh	Movie Talk	Martin Scorsese's giddy biopic of stockbroker swindler Jordan Belfort, has all the dazzle and pizzazz of his classic gangster movies - only this time the crooks on screen are pumping and dumping worthless stocks rather than bodies.	February 1, 2014
Sam Fragoso	fresh	SFBay	There's a good chance that by the conclusion of Martin Scorsese's intoxicating, raucous, and shamelessly depraved "The Wolf of Wall Street" you're going to want to cleanse yourself through prayer, charity, or whatever it is that you do to feel virtuous.	January 31, 2014
Adam Ross	fresh	The Aristocrat	Funny? Yes. Entertaining? Yes. Flattering? Not in the slightest. Anyone who wants to be in the Jordan Belfort business after watching Wolf must have rocks in their head.	January 28, 2014
Tim Martain	fresh	The Mercury	Scorsese seems to have mixed every genre and every tone from all his previous work together in one big three-hour character-driven opus. And the damn thing works.	January 27, 2014
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	Wisely, Scorsese torques his opus as a sprawling, outrageous, gross-out comedy of excess. It's Animal House meets Wall Street... [making] us understand how the unbridled fun of a world defined by power, prostitutes and drugs can result in moral abandon.	January 25, 2014
Ryan Gilbey	rotten	New Statesman	Movies shouldn't provide moral instruction but the best incorporate competing philosophies. Unfortunately, there is no one Scorsese can bring himself to be quite as interested in as Belfort.	January 23, 2014
Stuart Klawans	rotten	The Nation	The characteristic traits build up, intolerably: the grinding pace, the deadening repetition, the pointless wordiness (Terence Winter's screenplay never shuts up), the self-congratulatory nyuk-nyuks.	January 23, 2014
Matt Neal	fresh	The Standard	His fifth collaboration with DiCaprio sits within the Scorsese back-catalogue like it was always meant to be there.	January 23, 2014
Erin Free	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	...an unhinged and highly quotable near-instant-classic, which constantly and ingeniously mines laughs from the most despicable and debauched behaviour imaginable	January 22, 2014
Luke Buckmaster	fresh	The Daily Review/Crikey	Given the fun it has drinking its own bong water, it's a bit much to describe the film as a great critique of institutionalised sexism, or of "lunch is for wimps" business culture in America.	January 22, 2014
Simon Weaving	fresh	Screenwize	Martin Scorsese is back at his best with this rollicking update on the gangsters of New York, the mean streets now filled with stockbrokers and share dealers, driven characters in search of the good life the easy way.	January 22, 2014
Simon Miraudo	fresh	Quickflix	True story: my priest phoned midway through the screening of The Wolf of Wall Street, as if he had sensed - rightly - that I had been revelling too giddily in the debauched antics of disgraced stockbroker Jordan Belfort.	January 21, 2014
Matthew Toomey	fresh	ABC Radio Brisbane	The Wolf Of Wall Street is not so much a film... but more of an examination paper. When you leave the room after three hours, you'll know if you've passed.	January 21, 2014
Blake Howard	fresh	2UE That Movie Show	Scorsese's mastery is undeniable; The Wolf of Wall Street is yet another magnum opus.	January 19, 2014
Mark Kermode	rotten	Observer (UK)	It made me not love but utterly loathe Belfort - a moral victory, perhaps, but also something of a problem, because a character who is simply detestable rapidly becomes uninteresting.	January 19, 2014
Damien Straker	fresh	Impulse Gamer	It aims to shock and succeeds. What else does it teach us though?	January 19, 2014
Ed Gibbs	fresh	The Sunday Age	An outrageously black comedy about white-collar crime, unapologetic in delivery and unashamedly graphic in its intensity.	January 19, 2014
Jay Antani	fresh	Cinema Writer	Absorbing performances, stylistic wit, a lacerating and subversive sense of humor: The Wolf of Wall Street delivers all of these in spades	January 18, 2014
Ali Gray	fresh	TheShiznit.co.uk	Spend three hours on Scorsese's Wall Street, and he'll have you convinced: greed isn't just good - it's great.	January 18, 2014
Donald Clarke	fresh	Irish Times	At times, the film seems almost Hobbitian in its inability to finish a scene that is already well past its natural lifespan.	January 18, 2014
Andrew L. Urban	fresh	Urban Cinefile	Belfort's frank memoir is a seductive confessional of how not only he but so many on Wall Street treated (treat?) Americans with contempt in their greedy drive to become rich enough to burn 100 dollar bills	January 17, 2014
Louise Keller	fresh	Urban Cinefile	Excessive & entertaining, Martin Scorsese's wild tale of greed & spoils of sex, drugs & debauchery earns its R rating & a big tick for Leonardo diCaprio who lets fly with no safety net in a dizzying rollercoaster ride of misguided morality	January 17, 2014
Ed Whitfield	fresh	The Ooh Tray	God help you, you'll have to decide whether you approve without the filmmaker's help.	January 17, 2014
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	A debauched end-of-empire horror story disguised as an outrageous comedy, with remarkable performances from Leonard DiCaprio and Jonah Hill.	January 17, 2014
Rich Cline	fresh	Contactmusic.com	At age 71, Martin Scorsese proves with this riotous romp that he's one of the most energetic, audacious filmmakers working in America at the moment.	January 17, 2014
David Sexton	fresh	London Evening Standard	Is it immoral to celebrate villainy? There's not much point in pretending The Wolf of Wall Street doesn't do that, pretty exuberantly too.	January 17, 2014
Damon Wise	fresh	Radio Times	This is an exhilarating story of decadence and debauchery, made all the more thrilling by DiCaprio's charismatic and physical lead performance.	January 17, 2014
Brian Viner	rotten	Daily Mail (UK)	For me the film is somehow less than the sum of its parts, with no palpable sense that these men are doing anything more contemptible than living life to the full.	January 16, 2014
Greg Maki	fresh	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	Scorsese's name virtually guarantees the filmmaking will be of the highest variety, and it is here. The director truly is a master of his craft.	January 16, 2014
Henry Fitzherbert	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	Scorsese's virtuoso filmmaking and DiCaprio keep you gripped for the three hour running time.	January 16, 2014
Matthew Turner	fresh	ViewLondon	Brilliantly directed, beautifully shot and superbly written, this is a riotously entertaining and frequently hilarious drama with an Oscar-worthy central performance from Leonardo DiCaprio.	January 16, 2014
John Nugent	fresh	Sky Cinema	DiCaprio's a marvellous fit for the role, and his slimy charisma could charm even the steeliest of souls.	January 16, 2014
Eddie Harrison	rotten	The List	As a major filmmaker, it's about time Scorsese found some material that stretched his ideas, rather than his audience's patience.	January 16, 2014
Nigel Andrews	rotten	Financial Times	Every time I looked at my watch, the hands seemed to have stayed still.	January 16, 2014
Peter Bradshaw	fresh	Guardian	The Wolf of Wall Street does not quite have the subtlety and richness of Scorsese's very best work, but what an incredibly exhilarating film: a deafening and sustained howl of depravity.	January 16, 2014
Cameron Williams	fresh	The Popcorn Junkie	Although Martin Scorsese overindulges as much as his subject, this film proves in the cinematic jungle he's still the king.	January 14, 2014
Andy Lea	fresh	Daily Star (UK)	Scorsese's best film since Casino, his most provocative since Goodfellas and by far the funniest film he's ever made.	January 14, 2014
Siobhan Synnot	rotten	Scotsman	As you watch a numbed man lose all his basic motor skills to a big chemical rush, you can't help feeling that The Wolf Of Wall Street also needed to cut back on the meds.	January 13, 2014
James Kendrick	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	No one generates narrative momentum quite like Scorsese when he's in his element, and The Wolf of Wall Street provides the kind of meaty material into which he can really sink his aesthetic claws.	January 10, 2014
David Thomson	fresh	The New Republic	DiCaprio has hinted before that comedy might be his natural calling -- think of Catch Me If You Can -- but his energy here is not just fun, it's discovery.	January 9, 2014
Dann Gire	fresh	Chicago Daily Herald	Merry Christmas, everyone! Martin Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio have a special present waiting for us at the movie theaters. It's titled The Wolf of Wall Street.	January 9, 2014
Matt Glasby	fresh	Flicks.co.nz	Though brilliantly written (by Boardwalk Empire's Terence Winter), acted and directed, Wolf is dangerously overlong.	January 9, 2014
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	Scorsese's solid 'The Wolf of Wall Street,' based on the true story of a white-collar criminal's excesses, would have been even better if it weren't so ... excessive.	January 7, 2014
Todd Jorgenson	fresh	Cinemalogue	... a vigorously stylish epic from director Martin Scorsese that's almost as difficult to watch as it is to look away.	January 6, 2014
Steve Persall	fresh	Tampa Bay Times	Greed is grating in The Wolf of Wall Street, Martin Scorsese's face-first motorboating of the sex, drugs and dwarf tossing of American excess.	January 6, 2014
Charles Koplinski	fresh	Illinois Times	Scorsese Helms Familiar but Effective "Wolf"	January 6, 2014
John Hanlon	fresh	John Hanlon Reviews	Highly-watchable entertainment that had the potential to be much much more.	January 6, 2014
Joe Utichi	fresh	FilmFocus	Once the bizarre complaints of the easily offended have died down, I don't doubt that this'll find a place amongst Scorsese's best work.	January 5, 2014
Michael A. Smith	fresh	MediaMikes	In my humble opinion, this is the best film of 2013.	January 3, 2014
Wesley Morris	fresh	Grantland	For three hours the movie operates at a ridiculous comedic pitch. You never forget you're at the circus. You never lose site of the lawlessness, the reckless pleasure, the sheer lunacy and lack of regulation.	January 3, 2014
Staci Layne Wilson	fresh	SheKnows Network	Based on the best-selling memoir of the same name, this funny, irreverent, poignant, fast-paced and fun flick is well worth the investment.	January 3, 2014
Kelly Vance	rotten	East Bay Express	The weakest movie in Martin Scorsese's fifty-year career, the worst writing Scorsese has ever been associated with.	January 3, 2014
Louis Proyect	rotten	rec.arts.movies.reviews	The director of this film plagiarized "Goodfellas" but did a poor job. Not half as interesting as the original.	January 3, 2014
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Movie Habit	Scorsese and DiCaprio whip up excitement, but where's the depth?	January 2, 2014
Glenn Lovell	fresh	CinemaDope	... overlong, repetitive, and like 'The Departed' too often partakes of self-parody ... It's almost as if Scorsese, in his rush to sate every sophomoric urge, ceded the reins to shock-jock Howard Stern.	January 2, 2014
David Nusair	rotten	Reel Film Reviews	...both a massive disappointment and a missed opportunity.	January 2, 2014
Cole Smithey	rotten	ColeSmithey.com	[VIDEO ESSAY] There is no reason to see Martin Scorsese's latest picture. It doesn't even deserve a grade.	December 31, 2013
Will Leitch	fresh	Deadspin	I bet this one will end up growing the most in estimation as the years go along. I am not getting on the wrong side of history.	December 30, 2013
Leonard Maltin	rotten	leonardmaltin.com	Without a moral center, "Wolf" seems to revel in this cornucopia of bad behavior.	December 30, 2013
Perri Nemiroff	fresh	Shockya.com	It lets you relish in unparalleled no holds barred debauchery while increasingly disillusioning the fun and games with the nasty reality of the situation along the way.	December 30, 2013
Diva Velez	rotten	TheDivaReview.com	Nearly three hours of repeated debauchery and nasty deeds fails to bring Goodfellas-style bite and tension to a situation where the worst that can happen to the film's unlikable characters is the possibility of serving time in a cushy jail.	December 30, 2013
Glenn Dunks	rotten	Glenn Dunks	I struggle to recognise what [Scorsese's] unique point of view or fresh insight is with the material. Did he have one?	December 30, 2013
Eric Melin	fresh	Scene-Stealers.com	A cynical, nasty satire about humans regressing to infantile levels. I would love for it to be the final, insane word on indecent power-hungry Wall Street behavior, but you and I both know that probably won't be the case, so trust me, it's okay to laugh.	December 30, 2013
Mark R. Leeper	fresh	Mark Leeper's Reviews	We have to take the story's word that what Belfort did was very, very bad and forget that it looks like fun.	December 30, 2013
John Serba	fresh	MLive.com	Scorsese directs with propulsive purpose, feeding off DiCaprio's manic energy. Their work is fierce and unforgettable.	December 30, 2013
Clint O'Connor	fresh	Cleveland Plain Dealer	Sex and drugs and sex and drugs.	December 30, 2013
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	DiCaprio has never been better.	December 30, 2013
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	Leo's overall performance consists of an amazingly fierce array of emotions, and must be seen to be believed.	December 30, 2013
Betty Jo Tucker	rotten	ReelTalk Movie Reviews	A very long three hours of scenery-chewing performances plus repetitive sequences emphasizing drugs, sex and greed.	December 30, 2013
Michael Dequina	fresh	TheMovieReport.com	No less than a brazenly brash and unabashed middle finger to any and all genteel expectations and sensibilities.	December 29, 2013
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	This film, directed by Martin Scorcese, is based on a true story, otherwise, it wouldn't be believable.	December 29, 2013
John A. Nesbit	fresh	Old School Reviews	it first seduces and then repulses	December 29, 2013
Richard Brody	fresh	New Yorker	Scorsese unleashes a furious, yet exquisitely controlled, kinetic energy, complete with a plunging and soaring camera, mercurial and conspicuous special effects, counterfactual scenes, subjective fantasies, and swirling choreography on a grand scale.	December 29, 2013
Boo Allen	rotten	Denton Record-Chronicle	A fun, wild ride that eventually runs out of steam.	December 29, 2013
Gary Wolcott	fresh	Tri-City Herald	Martin Scorsese directs so 1) the performances are incredible, 2) the movie is very long and 3) it is one of the year's best movies.	December 28, 2013
Matt Brunson	rotten	Creative Loafing	While this is the weakest of the five collaborations between Scorsese and DiCaprio, that's not putting any of the blame on the actor's shoulders. He's sensational.	December 28, 2013
Dennis Schwartz	rotten	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	It takes three hours to tell a banal and venal story that held my attention for fifteen minutes.	December 27, 2013
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Wickedly funny, smart as a whip, and immensely perceptive, The Wolf of Wall Street shows that being addicted to money is every bit as damaging as addiction to substances, sex, or anything else.	December 27, 2013
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	While it is fun, hilarious, and entertaining as hell, Wolf of Wall Street isn't slimey enough for a film about a slimeball. It's the slimeball's dream reality.	December 27, 2013
John Beifuss	fresh	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	'Taxi Driver' diagnosed American sickness as interior and hellish, while 'Wolf' suggests the sickness has spread outward until the culture has become all but immune to the pangs of conscience and shame...	December 27, 2013
Christopher Orr	fresh	The Atlantic	The Wolf of Wall Street is a magnificent black comedy: fast, funny, and remarkably filthy.	December 27, 2013
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	San Francisco Examiner	Most impressive for its reckless, monstrous motion, fueled by energy exciting and rotten.	December 27, 2013
Philip Martin	fresh	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	...a black comedy that plays less like the Good Fellas on Wall Street it was pre-sold as than Good-Fellas on Merck Cocaine. It is a three-hour bacchanal, a restless and occasionally disjointed movie that feels as raw and rapacious as its protagonist	December 27, 2013
Tim Brayton	fresh	Antagony & Ecstasy	DiCaprio single-handedly makes it worth the significant time commitment, but this is not filmmaking at the level of creativity and panache of the best Scorsese.	December 26, 2013
Robert Kojder	fresh	What Culture	I'm not saying after writing this review I'm going to go pop some Quaaludes, but even for those staunchly opposed to drugs or rampant sex or getting rich, it's impossible not to become absolutely immersed.	December 26, 2013
James Verniere	fresh	Boston Herald	The real 'Great Gatsby' and the best performance DiCaprio has given in a Scorsese movie.	December 26, 2013
Al Alexander	rotten	The Patriot Ledger	It's sick and disturbing in all the wrong ways, rendering this 'Wolf' nothing but a dog.	December 26, 2013
Adam Fendelman	fresh	HollywoodChicago.com	Despite my bladder nearly not making it after 3 hours, thankfully the true story of Jordan Belfort kept me completely distracted and entertained at the behest of my bodily needs.	December 26, 2013
Ethan Alter	fresh	Television Without Pity	At three hours long, The Wolf of Wall Street also stands as a monument to the characters' flair for excess.	December 26, 2013
Jeff Meyers	fresh	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	The 71-year-old Scorsese is in full-on gonzo mode here, giddily leering over every tacky, morally bankrupt act of decadence. But eventually the film's three hours exhaust rather than enlighten.	December 26, 2013
Kirk Honeycutt	fresh	honeycuttshollywood.com	Leonardo DiCaprio's most relaxed, extravagant, wildly comic and innovative performance as an adult	December 26, 2013
Todd Gilchrist	fresh	CBR	If the first principle of marketing is "don't sell the steak, sell the sizzle," The Wolf of Wall Street tells the story of a salesman who convinces himself that the steak is the sizzle.	December 26, 2013
Lawrence Toppman	rotten	Charlotte Observer	Here's something I never expected to say, something I doubt I'd have believed if someone else had said it to me: Martin Scorsese can make a three-hour movie without one fresh perspective or compelling character from end to end.	December 26, 2013
Sara Maria Vizcarrondo	fresh	Movies With Butter	Wolf of Wall Street is a cinematic amphetamine. It moves at break neck speed for almost three hours and after, you'll leave the theater wanting the gym.	December 26, 2013
Stephen Silver	fresh	EntertainmentTell	Extremely audacious and also extremely great. "American Hustle," a second-hand knockoff of this sort of movie, has been collecting undeserved critics awards and Oscar buzz for weeks. "Wolf of Wall Street" is the real thing,	December 26, 2013
Ken Hanke	fresh	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	The kind of sensation that you only get from a master filmmaker and it restores one's faith a little in film for its own sake.	December 26, 2013
Bob Bloom	fresh	Journal and Courier (Lafayette, IN)	"The Wolf of Wall Street" is a bacchanal barrage of booze, broads and blow that will have you laughing - or shaking your head - because of its cynically unabashed exuberance.	December 26, 2013
Betsy Sharkey	fresh	Los Angeles Times	Man, does this movie have a savage bite.	December 26, 2013
Joe Morgenstern	rotten	Wall Street Journal	I couldn't buy it, and couldn't wait for the hollow spectacle to end.	December 26, 2013
Perry Seibert	fresh	TV Guide	The Wolf of Wall Street is a hilarious, angry, and scathing indictment of greed. It's so funny you might not notice how deep it cuts.	December 26, 2013
Michael Burgin	rotten	Paste Magazine	The result is the indulgent treatment of an overindulgent character that feels more Penthouse Forum fantasy than morality tale. Perhaps that's precisely the point.	December 26, 2013
Lisa Kennedy	rotten	Denver Post	It's hard not to feel there is a better revisit of Scorsese's crime gem already in theaters, David O. Russell's American Hustle.	December 26, 2013
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	Though "Raging Bull" must still go down as Martin Scorsese's greatest achievement, "The Wolf of Wall Street" makes the race for No. 2 a lot more interesting.	December 26, 2013
J. R. Jones	fresh	Chicago Reader	As with Goodfellas, Scorsese's helpless attraction to the very behavior he wants to indict becomes the movie's serrated edge.	December 26, 2013
Joe Gross	rotten	Austin American-Statesman	As Johnny Rotten famously asked, ever get the feeling you've been cheated?	December 26, 2013
Chris Nashawaty	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	Scorsese has pulled off something tricky with Wolf: He's given us a thrilling cautionary tale about a guy who never for a second seems the slightest bit sorry for what he's done. If anything, he just had the bad luck to get caught.	December 26, 2013
Peter Rainer	rotten	Christian Science Monitor	DiCaprio doesn't seem terribly comfortable in the role despite all his strutting and posturing.	December 26, 2013
Tom Long	rotten	Detroit News	At the highest level, it really is about getting your own, forget those down below. If so, that could have easily come across in two hours, it didn't need three.	December 26, 2013
Stephen Whitty	fresh	Newark Star-Ledger	Why would a man cheat people out of millions and then spend it on hookers, 'ludes and stupid pranks? Hey, why wouldn't you?	December 26, 2013
Matt Zoller Seitz	fresh	RogerEbert.com	One of the most entertaining films ever made about loathsome men.	December 26, 2013
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	There's editorial slackness here that Scorsese hasn't displayed in years, lost in a tornado of actor tics and improvisations that transform sections of movie into Apatowian indecision.	December 26, 2013
Tony Medley	rotten	Tolucan Times	...while it justifiably indicts the conflict of interest pervasive in the stock broker profession, three hours of all this debauchery is just too much...and to not even mention one victim in 3 hours? That's inexcusable and superficial movie-making.	December 25, 2013
Diana Saenger	rotten	ReviewExpress.com	Too much explicit sex, drugs and profanity	December 25, 2013
Matt Kelemen	fresh	AspectRatio.us	... it's a good film, not a great one. Considering the source material and a protagonist that any actor would have a hard time making likeable, though, it's as great as it can be.	December 25, 2013
Mara Reinstein	fresh	Us Weekly	Imagine walking into a blow-the-roof-off party. Naked ladies galore. Pills popped like Tic Tacs. A game involving a dwarf and a bull's-eye. Crazy fun for a while, right? But then you're stuck there with a bunch of jerks. For three hours.	December 25, 2013
Jim Judy	fresh	Screen It!	I can't say I was ever bored (how could I be counting over 600 expletives & numerous instance of nudity, etc.). I just wish all involved showed a little more restraint with the overall offering. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)	December 25, 2013
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	Scorsese doesn't actively condemn these characters in the way a traditional moralist would... He allows the characters to damn themselves.	December 25, 2013
Kimberly Gadette	fresh	Doddle	Before the rise of the economic echelon currently referred to as the one percent, there was Jordan Belfort ... the one percent of the one percent.	December 24, 2013
Willie Waffle	fresh	WaffleMovies.com	It's Margot Robbie who emerges as the biggest star in The Wolf Of Wall Street.	December 24, 2013
Kofi Outlaw	fresh	ScreenRant	By presenting the bad and the ugly behind Wall Street so unflinchingly, Scorsese crafts an insightful and important deconstruction of post-millennial America's moral erosion.	December 24, 2013
Michael Smith	rotten	Tulsa World	Excess for the sake of excess on the part of Scorsese, and it's a bore.	December 24, 2013
Nell Minow	fresh	Beliefnet	The cocaine and ludes are not nearly as powerful as the most intoxicating substances of all: greed mixed with testosterone and pure id.	December 24, 2013
Anders Wright	fresh	San Diego Union-Tribune	From a film-making perspective, much of what is here is masterful, and let's face it, we expect nothing less from Scorsese.	December 24, 2013
Jonathan W. Hickman	rotten	Daily Film Fix	Less a cautionary tale and more of a how-to manual... Many sequences take on a sophomoric quality reminiscent of two guys in a bar trying to impress each other with wild stories of depraved drunken debauchery.	December 24, 2013
Duane Dudek	fresh	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	DiCaprio captures this cynical and unsympathetic character effortlessly, and Jonah Hill provides crude comic relief as his nebbishy partner in crime.	December 24, 2013
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	As Jordan Belfort, a New York stockbroker who spent years cheerfully defrauding investors, DiCaprio is positively reptilian; he spits out his lines with a nasty glee. You're both horrified and enchanted by this creature - a monster in Armani.	December 24, 2013
Jeffrey Lyles	rotten	Lyles' Movie Files	Like a hyperactive three-year-old. Sure, for a little while the over-the-top antics and outrageous moments are cute, but after three hours, it becomes exhausting and annoying leaving you simply waiting for it to finally be put to bed.	December 24, 2013
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	It's like "Goodfellas," only (slightly) more legal, which is very much the point.	December 24, 2013
Travis Hopson	fresh	Examiner.com	My first thought after the credits rolled on Martin Scorsese's 3-hour symphony of greed and depravity was, "How in the hell did this not get an NC-17 rating"???	December 24, 2013
Eric Eisenberg	fresh	CinemaBlend	In The Wolf of Wall Street, Scorsese recognized a story of insanity, lewdness, depravity, greed and incredible entertainment value, and that's exactly what he has brought to the screen.	December 24, 2013
Blake Crane	fresh	Film Racket	just because The Wolf of Wall Street is hilarious doesn't mean it's not terrifying	December 24, 2013
Joe Williams	fresh	St. Louis Post-Dispatch	Scorsese, as always, knows exactly what he is doing. Although it's long, the movie is never less than entertaining.	December 24, 2013
Daniel M. Kimmel	fresh	New England Movies Weekly	It does for stockbrokers what GoodFellas did for mobsters.	December 24, 2013
Mark Jenkins	rotten	NPR	Various Cheech-and-Chong-style slapstick scenarios play out repeatedly, just with different props.	December 24, 2013
Josh Bell	rotten	Las Vegas Weekly	As entertaining as many of the individual scenes and set pieces can be, the movie drags as it passes the 90-minute mark.	December 24, 2013
A.O. Scott	fresh	New York Times	A vital and troubling document of the present ...	December 24, 2013
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Scorsese presents Belfort as a charismatic Caligula. He is an endlessly fascinating character who holds viewers' attention from beginning to end.	December 24, 2013
Sean P. Means	fresh	Salt Lake Tribune	Scorsese moves through this cavalcade of bad behavior like a kid in a candy store.	December 24, 2013
Rene Rodriguez	fresh	Miami Herald	The Wolf of Wall Street isn't a celebration of bad behavior: It's a condemnation.	December 24, 2013
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	Rests comfortably alongside Scorsese's masterpieces Goodfellas and Casino, but carries a sting that even they don't by examining the most acceptable, yet most rapacious, of criminal swindles.	December 24, 2013
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	It becomes unclear who has too many balls in the air -- the character of Belfort, or the film's director. Either way, there's a crash waiting to happen.	December 24, 2013
Ann Hornaday	rotten	Washington Post	"The Wolf of Wall Street" remains one-note even at is most outr, an episodic portrait of rapaciousness in which decadence escalates into debauchery escalates into depravity - but, miraculously, not death.	December 24, 2013
Bruce Kirkland	fresh	Jam! Movies	The film looks beautiful; the loose editing creates an overlong but still compelling structure; and Scorsese finesses the way the film pulses -- like Belfort's racing heart -- with a dangerous jazzy rhythm.	December 24, 2013
Chris Hewitt	rotten	St. Paul Pioneer Press	It's showy, but it doesn't amount to much.	December 24, 2013
Carla Meyer	rotten	Sacramento Bee	Overlong by an hour and overindulgent by infinity, Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street entertains at times but mostly numbs.	December 24, 2013
Cary Darling	fresh	Fort Worth Star-Telegram/DFW.com	So it's a relief and a pleasant surprise that Wall Street, despite some missteps and the need for an editor, mostly manages to live up to the interest generated by its kinetic trailers and the heavy hand of hype.	December 24, 2013
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	If you're down with a character arc that's as short as a crack pipe and equally resistant to temperance, then Martin Scorsese's latest picture is your chance to howl.	December 24, 2013
Liam Lacey	fresh	Globe and Mail	Oh, my, my. Martin Scorsese's The Wolf of Wall Street is outrageous, an offense against modesty, a shameless celebration of bad conduct.	December 24, 2013
Bill Clark	fresh	FromTheBalcony	As a retelling of Belfort's rise to power and influence, The Wolf of Wall Street is as electric as any movie in years.	December 24, 2013
Rachel Wagner	fresh	Rachel's Reviews (YouTube)	It's the kind of movie that just doesn't come along that often.	June 28, 2019
Sean Burns	fresh	The ARTery	In recent years I've come around to thinking that a more nuanced version of the tale with better-rounded characters wouldn't resonate as powerfully as Cameron's shamelessly bold, sometimes silly strokes.	June 20, 2019
David Baron	fresh	Times-Picayune	See Titanic, then, for its success as an outrageous visual stunt -- a marvel of cinematic (and computer) sleight-of-hand. But don't go with any illusions that this soap opera on water is anything but a cartoon melodrama with fairy-tale leads.	February 21, 2019
Quentin Curtis	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	The movie is a ride, and not without the odd moment of corniness. But it's also about freedom and flight, bondage and stagnation. And most fittingly, as a memorial itself, it's about memory and the act of remembering.	February 6, 2019
Duane Byrge	fresh	Hollywood Reporter	No meager disaster movie, greased by generic formula and goosed by big-bucks technology... Titanic is one big, bruising movie that will appeal on different levels to different audiences.	December 26, 2018
Hannah Ryan	fresh	Screen Queens	Titanic has deservedly cemented its place as one of the greatest movies of all time, as it manages to capture the wretchedness of historical tragedy while also skilfully enrapturing us with the dedication shown by one person to another...	August 24, 2018
Matthew Sweet	fresh	Independent on Sunday	The dialogue may be unspeakable, but the film remains unsinkable.	March 2, 2018
Jack Mathews	fresh	Newsday	Cameron's aim was to set the most intimate love story possible against one of the century's biggest tragedies, and he very nearly pulls it off. DiCaprio has a captivating presence in a role that might have been written for a young Clark Gable.	January 3, 2018
Alissa Wilkinson	fresh	Vox	What I can tell you, risking puns, is that it swept me off my feet almost from the get-go, a grand epic romance-disaster that reminded me, in the middle of my overstuffed-with-movies life, of what we mean when we talk about the power of cinema.	December 19, 2017
Jason Bailey	fresh	Vice	Sure, 'Titanic' may be corny, clumsy, and obvious-but the sincerity of its emotions and the power of its spectacle endure.	December 15, 2017
Paul Tatara	fresh	CNN.com	Cameron has devised a tender love story between Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio that serves as the main focus of Titanic's storyline, and it works beautifully.	February 25, 2014
Dave Kehr	fresh	New York Daily News	If computer-generated special effects have overpowered human-generated drama, Cameron seizes that dangerously cold technology and recasts it as dream and delirium, profoundly human in its sources and longings.	February 25, 2014
Desmond Ryan	fresh	Philadelphia Inquirer	The execution is state-of-the-art and breathtaking. Titanic offers the full compass of courage and cowardice, and it stands as an achievement that truly is a night to remember at the movies.	February 25, 2014
Maria Schneider	fresh	AV Club	Titanic provides an absorbing blend of historical fact and old-fashioned Hollywood tearjerking.	February 25, 2014
Jay Boyar	fresh	Orlando Sentinel	Titanic is indeed a ship of dreams. Climb aboard and bon voyage.	February 25, 2014
Leah Rozen	fresh	People Magazine	DiCaprio and Winslet both deliver star-making performances.	February 25, 2014
Joe Holleman	fresh	St. Louis Post-Dispatch	Take one of history's most compelling tragedies, tell it through the lives of two engaging young lovers and show it with some of the best-ever special effects and you have a dazzling, exciting movie that is also poignant and personal.	February 25, 2014
Serena Donadoni	fresh	Metro Times (Detroit, MI)	It's a technically magnificent and emotionally wrenching experience.	February 25, 2014
Rod Dreher	fresh	South Florida Sun-Sentinel	Titanic is an awesome achievement, a traditional Hollywood epic that dazzles your eyes, breaks your heart and shivers your soul.	February 25, 2014
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	DiCaprio manages a good mix of youthful bravado and nervous uncertainty... And Winslet shines as a willful rich girl who discovers her sensual side with this earthy urchin.	February 24, 2013
Gene Siskel	fresh	Chicago Tribune	With his beatific, sweet, open face, DiCaprio gives us a rooting interest in hoping that someone important to us survives the wreck.	January 16, 2013
Ben Kendrick	fresh	ScreenRant	Titanic 3D lacks creative synergy that could have been explored had the film been shot with 3D in mind but its easily the best example of post-conversion to date.	September 27, 2012
R.L. Shaffer	fresh	IGN DVD	A staggering film, layered with melodramatic romance, tragedy, intensity and breathtaking production design.	September 26, 2012
Jim Schembri	fresh	3AW	Jack and Rose actually cause the Titanic to hit the iceberg. Watch closely.	September 19, 2012
Felix Vasquez Jr.	rotten	Cinema Crazed	Director James Cameron takes one of his most beloved historical incidents and transforms it in to a McDonald's product...	September 12, 2012
John J. Puccio	fresh	Movie Metropolis	While I admit the film does not impress me as much as it does most other people, there is no questioning its passion and excitement.	September 5, 2012
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	When the bolts start to pop and the water bursts the bulkheads and the ship's orchestra plays waltzes, writer-director Cameron achieves his vision grandly.	May 3, 2012
Charlie Lyne	fresh	Ultra Culture	The most breezy 194 minutes ever to grace the multiplex.	April 29, 2012
Blake Howard	fresh	2UE That Movie Show	The clunky dialogue, historical inaccuracy and overdose of Billy Zane in the opening stanza of the film is all but forgotten in one of the most emotionally affective, thrilling closing stanzas ever committed to celluloid.	April 28, 2012
Linda Cook	fresh	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	'Titanic' is an epic that's see-worthy indeed. Directed/written/produced by James Cameron, its $200 million budget shows in its glorious effects, dazzling camera work and lavish sets, now, with the addition of Cameron's carefully crafted 3-D.	April 21, 2012
Bruce Bennett	fresh	Spectrum (St. George, Utah)	Yes, it is time to return to the chilly North Atlantic to appreciate again James Cameron's glorious epic, for its scope, underappreciated script and perfect casting.	April 16, 2012
Victoria Alexander	fresh	FilmsInReview.com	Two spitting scenes in 3D and Jack Dawson loses his virginity. A second look indicates a cruel streak in the modern epic.	April 16, 2012
Brett Michel	fresh	Boston Herald	Spoiler alert! The ship still sinks.	April 14, 2012
Burl Burlingame	fresh	Honolulu Star-Advertiser	It is, simply, a great film, a throwback to classic filmmaking, and more than that, an experience with unusual resonance to the world of today.	April 12, 2012
Rob Humanick	fresh	Suite101.com	The kind of mass death spectacle Michael Bay is frequently accused (and often guilty) of partaking in is much better encapsulated in Titanic's final third.	April 9, 2012
Dan Lybarger	fresh	KC Active	If you can get past the occasional Cameron clunker (Who can forget, "I'm the king of the world!") and Zane's almost amusingly over-the-top turn as Cal, Titanic still manages to make the tragedy seem more vivid than a statistic in a history book.	April 8, 2012
Kevin A. Ranson	fresh	MovieCrypt.com	Forget that we know how it all ends; it's the drama of dealing with eventuality that tells the real story here.	April 8, 2012
Michelle Alexandria	rotten	Eclipse Magazine	15 years ago, I didn't let Titanic into my heart, now I get it. Movie is fantastic, but utterly fails as a 3D reissue.	April 8, 2012
Matt Brunson	fresh	Creative Loafing	While Titanic can't touch Cameron's true classics, The Terminator and Aliens, it's nevertheless better than Avatar, a surface treat that can't match the emotional pull of this alternately tragic, alternately triumphant tale of two star-crossed lovers.	April 7, 2012
Lisa Giles-Keddie	fresh	Real.com	Simply one of 20th century cinema's greatest, old-fashioned love stories, full of still impressive effects (pre 3D) and decent, if theatrical acting ...	April 6, 2012
Todd Gilchrist	fresh	Boxoffice Magazine	Titanic evidences the secret of his longtime success, a talent more impressive even than Cameron's technical prowess: his ability to find stories that tap into greater truths and deeper feelings.	April 6, 2012
Ed Whitfield	rotten	The Ooh Tray	Forget women and children, what about truth and realism first?	April 6, 2012
Cath Clarke	fresh	Time Out	We know the story ends badly but Cameron still sweeps us up in the romance between Kate Winslet's rebellious posh girl and DiCaprio's steerage kid.	April 6, 2012
Norman Wilner	fresh	NOW Toronto	Titanic still works brilliantly; it's a grand-scale studio epic with the heart of a romance and the pulse of an action movie. It's the only American film that rivals Gone With The Wind for both swoonery and production value.	April 6, 2012
Alex Zane	fresh	The Sun (UK)	Titanic is a movie that has to be seen on the big screen and will enchant a new generation of fans. A must-see 3D experience.	April 6, 2012
David Sexton	fresh	London Evening Standard	It has itself become, like the shipwreck, a cultural monument, only accreting value, not losing significance, as time goes by.	April 6, 2012
Liverpool Echo Staff	fresh	Liverpool Echo	Cameron hasn't plugged any of the plot holes and some dialogue is still cheesy but now, just as in 1998, we forgive him a multitude of sins.	April 6, 2012
Dana Stevens	fresh	Slate	Cameron's three-hour disaster epic is a triumph of popular art -- of folk art, really.	April 6, 2012
Rafer Guzman	fresh	Newsday	"Titanic" still amazes as the kind of massive, build-and-destroy production that few filmmakers have the ambition or budget to make.	April 6, 2012
Ann Hornaday	fresh	Washington Post	[Cameron] stages the sinking with a flawless sense of detail, pacing, import and dread.	April 6, 2012
Alonso Duralde	fresh	What the Flick?!	For all of its flaws, this movie works in the way that classic Hollywood movies do. It delivers.	April 5, 2012
Christopher Tookey	fresh	Daily Mail (UK)	Its emotional impact lies in the fact it makes even the most blas of us feel what it must have been like to be on the sinking ship. And the film's underlying themes still have potency.	April 5, 2012
Peter Bradshaw	fresh	Guardian	Only the snobbish or the obtuse could deny its ambition, verve and entertainment firepower.	April 5, 2012
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	This version has deepened and enriched a film that was already rich in emotions and remarkable for its depth of detail.	April 5, 2012
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	How is Titanic in 3D? The answer is pretty damn dazzling.	April 5, 2012
Gary Wolcott	fresh	Tri-City Herald	Those who've only seen it on video don't think the film is that big a deal. Trust me, it is. Even with the dragged out love story, Cameron's film is still mind-blowing.	April 5, 2012
Brian Orndorf	fresh	BrianOrndorf.com	Titanic went from a certain failure to a feature everyone had to see. If you were in a training bra during its initial theatrical release, you probably saw it a few more times than everyone else.	April 5, 2012
Basia Cummings	rotten	Little White Lies	If you fancy indulging in pure, unadulterated silliness and spending a night in the '90s, this is a good bet. Otherwise...	April 5, 2012
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	Reissued to tie in with the 100th anniversary of the Titanic's ill-fated maiden voyage, it's astonishing how timeless the film looks. And as a true classic, it doesn't lose our attention for a moment.	April 5, 2012
Adrian Turner	fresh	Radio Times	Titanic is a sumptuous assault on the emotions, with a final hour that fully captures the horror and the freezing, paralysing fear of the moment.	April 5, 2012
Michael Phillips	fresh	Chicago Tribune	Cameron is a genius at instilling narrative dread and designing a hokum-drenched fairy tale of a certain size.	April 5, 2012
Drew McWeeny	fresh	HitFix	Like the film or don't like the film, there are very few filmmakers working now or ever who could have done what Cameron did here, no matter what resources they had.	April 4, 2012
L. Thompson	fresh	E! Online	Near, far, wherever you are sitting in the theater, the newly revamped Titanic now has stuff coming out at you.	April 4, 2012
Christy Lemire	fresh	Associated Press	If any film should be redone in 3-D, it's "Titanic." And if any filmmaker should be the one doing the redoing, it's James Cameron.	April 4, 2012
Henry Fitzherbert	fresh	Daily Express (UK)	A timeless epic that gets me every time (yes, I needed my own life raft at the screening), the power of the storytelling and the performances by Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio grip throughout.	April 4, 2012
Josh Forward	fresh	Trespass	It's so easy to see how this film that's still so enjoyable from start to end has become so iconic.	April 4, 2012
Michael Simms	fresh	FILMINK (Australia)	Revisiting Titanic on the big screen, this time in impressive 3D, is a welcome reminder of solid blockbuster movie magic.	April 4, 2012
Gary Thompson	fresh	Philadelphia Daily News	The central love story involving steerage passenger Leonardo DiCaprio and rich girl Kate Winslet has lost none of its luster - metaphorically speaking.	April 4, 2012
Philip De Semlyen	fresh	Empire Magazine	With a 3D conversion from the medium's pioneer-in-chief, Titanic is a big-screen romance that's every bit as epic as you remember.	April 4, 2012
Graham Young	fresh	Birmingham Post	It's for old-fashioned romantics who want to see a classic love story on the grandest scale.	April 4, 2012
Simon Reynolds	fresh	Digital Spy	It's certainly a jaw-dropping big screen experience, even though the outcome is never in doubt. Just make sure you bolt for the door once Celine Dion's caterwauling kicks in.	April 4, 2012
Matthew Turner	fresh	ViewLondon	A thoroughly gripping, emotionally powerful, genuinely thrilling and, yes, achingly romantic drama with jaw-dropping special effects and star-making performances from DiCaprio and Winslet.	April 4, 2012
Rob Thomas	fresh	Capital Times (Madison, WI)	"Titanic 3D" works because it's still "Titanic," a satisfying merger of newfangled effects and oldfangled melodrama. Judging by the wave of sniffles at the sneak preview screening I saw Tuesday night, it's a formula that endures 15 years later.	April 4, 2012
R. Kurt Osenlund	fresh	Slant Magazine	The re-release is keenly timed with the 100th anniversary of the actual sinking of the RMS Titanic, yet another factor to validate the 3D film's existence.	April 4, 2012
Claudia Puig	fresh	USA Today	Sure, it's corny, but there's something endearing about the tale of young love and its earnest lack of irony.	April 4, 2012
Emma Dibdin	fresh	Total Film	Leo and Kate give good doomed romance but it's the human horror of the collision, botched evacuation and final sinking that devastates most.	April 4, 2012
Robbie Collin	fresh	Daily Telegraph (UK)	Cameron's detractors grouse about his use of scale and spectacle to invest archetypal, even clichd stories with an extra, unearned emotional significance. They're absolutely right, with one crucial caveat: there's absolutely nothing unearned about it.	April 4, 2012
Joe Neumaier	fresh	New York Daily News	Like Kathy Bates' "unsinkable" Molly Brown, "Titanic" is unabashedly American: It's big, brash and sometimes gauche, yet also unapologetically earnest, amazing to look at and devoted to its own cause. And it knows how to win us over.	April 4, 2012
Liam Lacey	fresh	Globe and Mail	Overall, for a blockbuster movie about one great big thing hitting another great big thing, the new film shows distinctly upper-deck restraint.	April 4, 2012
Peter Howell	fresh	Toronto Star	The letdown factor has been most keenly felt in conversions from 2D, but Titanic 3D shows how the ambition can be realized if the will and skill are there. We can only hope that other filmmakers follow Cameron's example.	April 3, 2012
Nick Pinkerton	fresh	Village Voice	But the power of Titanic didn't come from originality; it came from punching clichs across with a seldom-seen directness and sincerity that seemed pure of heart, "old-fashioned," or plain corny, depending on your perspective.	April 3, 2012
Lou Lumenick	fresh	New York Post	James Cameron's spectacular new 3-D version of "Titanic'' is everything I'd hoped for, and more.	April 3, 2012
Roger Moore	fresh	Tribune News Service	I found the length tedious, some of the dialogue eye-rolling and some of the digital effects lacking (the digital ship's digital wake seemed puny) when "Titanic" first came out. But those quibbles fade with time.	April 2, 2012
Rene Rodriguez	fresh	Miami Herald	Here is a rare opportunity to return to something you once loved, and discover it still holds up, no apologies necessary.	April 2, 2012
Scott A. Mantz	fresh	Access Hollywood	Still a spectacular cinematic experience that, if nothing else, will remind moviegoers why they fell in love with it in the first place.	April 2, 2012
Ed Gibbs	fresh	The Sun Herald	A modern-day take on the classic Hollywood romance, delivered with the kind of panache long thought lost to the sands of time, that proves essentially timeless.	April 1, 2012
Paul Byrnes	fresh	Sydney Morning Herald	Turns out hubris and greed float, like sorrow.	March 28, 2012
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	The unprecedented special effects...never overpower the fictional love story and historical human tragedy which are presented. It's not only awe-inspiring, it's surprisingly moving.	March 26, 2012
JimmyO	fresh	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	As dreadful as another post conversion of a blockbuster may sound, this is as good as it gets	February 16, 2012
Sandie Angulo Chen	fresh	Common Sense Media	Great movie, but not appropriate for all kids.	December 31, 2010
Tim Brayton	fresh	Antagony & Ecstasy	Exactly what it says on the label: a deliciously overwrought melodramatic love story, capped off with one of the greatest special effects achievements of the 1990s.	December 18, 2009
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	Feeling dispassionate about Titanic is a bit like being stranded alone on the North Atlantic.	December 14, 2009
Louise Keller	fresh	Urban Cinefile	Extravagant, exhilarating, devastating, poetic, romantic and totally unforgettable, Titanic is an extraordinary achievement in film making, where technology astounds, yet the human story shines even brighter	October 3, 2008
Andrew L. Urban	fresh	Urban Cinefile	You will walk out of Titanic not talking about budget or running time, but of its enormous emotive power, big as the engines of the ship itself, determined as its giant propellers to gouge into your heart, and as lasting as the love story that propels it.	October 3, 2008
David Edelstein	rotten	Slate	Now it can be told: The Titanic went down because of two distracting smoochers on the poop deck.	January 29, 2008
Film4	fresh	Film4	In the end, Cameron's monumental epic still prises open the tear ducts.	January 29, 2008
Todd McCarthy	fresh	Variety	A spectacular demonstration of what modern technology can contribute to dramatic storytelling.	January 29, 2008
Desson Thomson	rotten	Washington Post	Titanic is a good, often stunning movie caught in a three-and-a-half hour drift.	January 29, 2008
Stephen Hunter	fresh	Washington Post	This is Cameron at his best.	January 29, 2008
David Ansen	fresh	Newsweek	Titanic is big, bold, touchingly uncynical filmmaking.	January 29, 2008
Emanuel Levy	fresh	EmanuelLevy.Com	Cameron skillfully applies sophisticated special effects to classic American storytelling, resulting in a winning combination of a tale that's modern and old-fashioned, delivering the goods expected of the disaster genre.	September 18, 2007
Gary Brown	fresh	Houston Community Newspapers	There is nothing to dislike about this film.	May 22, 2007
Andrew Sarris	fresh	Observer	Titanic runs well enough in the backstretch of intrigue and contrivance to cross the finish line well ahead of all but a few of the screen's superspectacles in this century.	April 27, 2007
Steven D. Greydanus	rotten	Decent Films Guide	Perhaps the most melancholy thing about Titanic is its celebration of romantic ideals to the exclusion of such self-denying virtues as honor, duty, and heroism.	October 27, 2006
Geoff Andrew	rotten	Time Out	Cost: well over $200m. Disregarding the ethics of such expenditure on a film, this unprecedented extravagance has not resulted in sophisticated or even very satisfying storytelling.	February 9, 2006
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Combustible Celluloid	A brilliantly designed, but emotionally shallow romance set during the infamous sinking of the luxury liner in 1912.	January 27, 2006
Douglas Pratt	fresh	Hollywood Reporter	A grand and classy production.	December 6, 2005
Eric Henderson	fresh	Slant Magazine	It's something of an ingenuous revision of the standard disaster movie.	October 23, 2005
Robin Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	An enormous technical achievement with a wonderfully big heart.	April 9, 2005
Sky Staff	fresh	Sky Cinema	Titanic is some big movie.	February 14, 2005
Jeffrey Overstreet	fresh	Looking Closer	The spectacle of the ship will enchant you, and the tragedy of the victims will haunt you for many days after you've seen it.	January 15, 2005
Martin Scribbs	rotten	Low IQ Canadian	Abyss-mal.	July 23, 2004
Dragan Antulov	rotten	rec.arts.movies.reviews	Rose and Jack are burdened with simplistic characterisation and atrocious dialogue.	January 8, 2004
Jeanne Aufmuth	fresh	Palo Alto Weekly		May 14, 2003
John R. McEwen	fresh	Film Quips Online	The plot before the collision is almost dispensable, but from that moment on, it is absolutely riveting.	February 8, 2003
Nick Davis	fresh	Nick's Flick Picks	Yes, Jack Dawson and Rose DeWitt Bukater are flimsyish characters, but DiCaprio and Winslet still have the formidable challenge as actors to gauge the levels of their performances against the galvanizing visual and technotronic aspects of the film.	January 10, 2003
Chris Gore	fresh	Film Threat	The film is the best of the year.	December 8, 2002
Margaret A. McGurk	fresh	Cincinnati Enquirer	An old-fashioned epic, a brawny drama built on tragedy, adventure, romance, charismatic stars and jaw-dropping, high-tech special effects.	October 15, 2002
Kevin N. Laforest	fresh	Montreal Film Journal	It lasts 3 hours, and I wasn't bored for a second.	September 10, 2002
Pablo Villaa	fresh	Cinema em Cena	Quando eu sa do cinema no era apenas um espectador fascinado. Era um sobrevivente do Titanic.	May 31, 2002
Rick Groen	fresh	Globe and Mail	Titanic is awesome even when it's awful -- you can't take your eyes off the extraordinary thing.	April 12, 2002
Peter Keough	fresh	Boston Phoenix	The film's long final phase is a harrowing series of sublime images of death and those about to die.	March 24, 2002
Frederic and Mary Ann Brussat	fresh	Spirituality and Practice	The finale is a special effects dazzler but those scenes pale in comparison to the dramatic and creative ways Cameron exalts the salvific power of love.	March 2, 2002
Brandon Judell	rotten	Critics Inc./America Online	If when you see this film, you believe it's credible, God bless you and your unfortunate offspring with their damaged gene pool.	July 9, 2001
Almar Haflidason	fresh	BBC.com	Despite its failings it's hard not to become swept up in the sheer grandeur of Titanic.	April 17, 2001
Andrew Howe	fresh	Film Written Magazine	The incredible finale more than makes up for its other crimes.	April 2, 2001
James Kendrick	fresh	Q Network Film Desk	In his brilliant, monumental film Titanic, one of the most popular and beloved Hollywood movies of the past 50 years, James Cameron revisited that night in all its horror and glory.	February 27, 2001
Kenneth Turan	rotten	Los Angeles Times	What really brings on the tears is Cameron's insistence that writing this kind of movie is within his abilities.	February 14, 2001
Robert Roten	fresh	Laramie Movie Scope	This is a fine example of Hollywood filmmaking. This is a studio film in the best sense of the word.	January 1, 2001
Richard Corliss	rotten	TIME Magazine	The regretful verdict here: dead in the water.	January 1, 2000
Mick LaSalle	rotten	San Francisco Chronicle	The last hour of Titanic is huge and staggering, but there's no horror in it.	January 1, 2000
Robert Horton	fresh	Film.com	Like it or hate it, Titanic lives and breathes as a piece of pure cinema.	January 1, 2000
Stanley Kauffmann	fresh	The New Republic	Bursting through gaps in the hull, rushing down corridors, licking at rooms, triumphing over great ballrooms and tiny closets, down stairways and into elevators, the sea, in the hands of Cameron and his technical associates, becomes hungry, vindictive.	January 1, 2000
Joseph McBride	fresh	Boxoffice Magazine	Like a David Lean film, it is an intimate epic with a moving and resonant love story at its core.	January 1, 2000
Dan Jardine	fresh	Apollo Guide	Titanic is a great, soft-hearted traditional epic.	January 1, 2000
Bryant Frazer	fresh	Bryant Frazer's Deep Focus	It's clear that Titanic will be a technophile's delight.	January 1, 2000
Peter Brunette	fresh	Film.com	The disaster is definitely worth the wait.	January 1, 2000
Steve Rhodes	fresh	Internet Reviews	It is filmmaking at its best.	January 1, 2000
Harvey S. Karten	fresh	Compuserve	It is perhaps the best example in 1997 of a film which is pure, simple melodrama.	January 1, 2000
Christopher Null	fresh	Filmcritic.com	Whatever it's pigeon-holed as, you're going to love the movie.	January 1, 2000
Peter Rainer	fresh	New York Magazine/Vulture	There's a lot to like here.	January 1, 2000
Scott Renshaw	fresh	Scott Renshaw's Screening Room	May be the year's most effective and consistently entertaining love story.	January 1, 2000
Jeff Millar	fresh	Houston Chronicle	Titanic will give you your money's worth.	January 1, 2000
Janet Maslin	fresh	New York Times	Cameron succeeds magically in linking his film's young lovers, played enchantingly by Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.	January 1, 2000
E! Online	fresh	E! Online	Who'd have thought that the most expensive film ever made could also be good cinema?	January 1, 2000
Nell Minow	fresh	Movie Mom	The movie raises important questions about choices faced by the characters.	January 1, 2000
Bruce Kirkland	fresh	Jam! Movies	James Cameron has made a miracle movie that delivers big-time.	January 1, 2000
Carlo Cavagna	fresh	AboutFilm.com	The genius of Titanic does not lie in the story itself. It lies in how the story is told.	January 1, 2000
Jack Garner	fresh	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	You've never seen a film of more stunning visual splendor.	January 1, 2000
Marty Mapes	fresh	Movie Habit	The melodramatic love story is the perfect foreground for the sinking of the largest passenger ship in history.	January 1, 2000
Matt Easterbrook	fresh	Matt's Movie Reviews	Forgive me if I gush too much, for I have just come back from seeing one of the five best films ever made.	January 1, 2000
Madeleine Williams	fresh	Cinematter	Titanic is one of his best, and raises the bar yet again.	January 1, 2000
Adam Smith	fresh	Empire Magazine	James Cameron has gone and delivered a spectacular, moving, utterly engrossing three-and-a-bit hour epic.	January 1, 2000
Mike McGranaghan	fresh	Aisle Seat	Titanic is not a perfect film, but it is a great film nonetheless.	January 1, 2000
Michael Dequina	fresh	TheMovieReport.com	This absorbing, moving cinematic spectacle not only floats, it soars.	January 1, 2000
Ted Prigge	fresh	rec.arts.movies.reviews	A wonderful masterpiece of a film.	January 1, 2000
Widgett Walls	fresh	Needcoffee.com	To take the space to try to convey to you all of the things that Cameron did right with this film would basically wipe out my alloted server storage.	January 1, 2000
David Keyes	fresh	David Keyes' Cinema 2000	Titanic is one of those flawless, spellbinding epics that we all know and love.	January 1, 2000
Rob Blackwelder	fresh	SPLICEDWire	It is opulent, daring, detailed, vastly over-priced and incomparable.	January 1, 2000
Ian Mantgani	fresh	UK Critic	The best film of its genre ever made.	January 1, 2000
Frank Ochieng	fresh	rec.arts.movies.reviews	What Cameron does is essentially give us a history lesson in an empowering, emphatic, entertaining way. This extraordinary flick feels like a big event with a litany of emblematic scope and impressive visual vitality.	January 1, 2000
Shane Burridge	fresh	rec.arts.movies.reviews	This man makes the bluest looking movies around	January 1, 2000
Mark R. Leeper	fresh	rec.arts.movies.reviews	This is a big film with a lot to like as well as a lot to not.	January 1, 2000
David N. Butterworth	fresh	rec.arts.movies.reviews	Time skips by quickly, and there are more than a few decent supporting performances to enjoy.	January 1, 2000
Kristian M. Lin	rotten	rec.arts.movies.reviews	The movie's human elements are entirely stale, however appealingly packaged.	January 1, 2000
Tom Keogh	rotten	Film.com	The would-be emotional centerpiece of his three-hours-plus adventure flick is the most juvenile romantic tale of 1997.	January 1, 2000
Cynthia Fuchs	rotten	Philadelphia City Paper	This disaster-action-adventure-romance flick combines epic aspiration with cartoonish simplicity, with no qualms about going for the popular jugular, jerking tears and cheers with equal obviousness.	January 1, 2000
Dennis Schwartz	rotten	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	An unconscionable disaster...	January 1, 2000
Susan Stark	rotten	Detroit News	As spectacle, Titanic sets a new standard; as romantic drama, it's substandard.	January 1, 2000
Maitland McDonagh	fresh	TV Guide	The drama is cliched, if competently effective, but Cameron's dissolves from the Titanic's rusted hulk to her brand spanking new decks are breathtaking, even poetic.	January 1, 2000
Jay Carr	fresh	Boston Globe	Titanic is big-budget spectacle and director Cameron brings it off with high-tech bravura, placing us aboard the ship in real time.	January 1, 2000
Jeff Vice	fresh	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	Kudos to stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, who make an appealing onscreen couple.	January 1, 2000
Barbara Shulgasser	rotten	San Francisco Examiner	Titanic is awash in truncated subplots.	January 1, 2000
Edward Johnson-Ott	fresh	NUVO Newsweekly	Cameron has crafted an epic that triumphs.	January 1, 2000
Mike Clark	fresh	USA Today	Credit Cameron for locating that latitude-longitude spot where haunting loss intersects with sheer cinematic braggadocio. His movie may not be perfect, but visually and viscerally, it pretty well is.	January 1, 2000
Urban Cinefile Critics	fresh	Urban Cinefile	An overwhelming cinematic experience which stuns, moves and entertains.	January 1, 2000
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	You don't just watch Titanic, you experience it.	January 1, 2000
MaryAnn Johanson	fresh	Flick Filosopher	Watching the film again, it suddenly struck me with the force of a pop-culture hurricane: Titanic is all about Rose. It is Rose's personal journey. This hardly ever happens in films...	January 1, 2000
Owen Gleiberman	fresh	Entertainment Weekly	A lush and terrifying spectacle of romantic doom.	January 1, 2000
Joe Baltake	fresh	Sacramento Bee	Titanic is a terrific balance of realism and romanticism.	January 1, 2000
Marc Savlov	fresh	Austin Chronicle	It's still by far and away a grand, gorgeous, breathtaking spectacle.	January 1, 2000
John Hartl	fresh	Seattle Times	No other film has made the horror of the ship's sinking so palpable, and none other has dared to dramatize the night of the living dead that followed after it sank beneath the North Atlantic.	January 1, 2000
Stephanie Zacharek	rotten	Salon.com	Glub glub glub.	January 1, 2000
Jonathan Rosenbaum	fresh	Chicago Reader	All things considered, Titanic is old-fashioned epic filmmaking that carries a wallop.	January 1, 2000
David Sterritt	fresh	Christian Science Monitor	But what's most impressive about Titanic is the evidence it shows of new maturity in Cameron's filmmaking priorities.	January 1, 2000
Roger Ebert	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	I found myself convinced by both the story and the saga.	January 1, 2000
Michael Wilmington	fresh	Chicago Tribune	Titanic is a film that sweeps us away into a world of spectacle, beauty and excitement.	January 1, 2000
Ed Kelleher	fresh	Film Journal International	Titanic is a remarkable achievement.	January 1, 2000
Scott Nash	fresh	Three Movie Buffs	The events of that cold April night and their detailed reconstruction are so dramatic and so well represented here, that you really do feel as if you are there with Jack and Rose.	December 19, 1997
Brian Orndorf	fresh	Blu-ray.com	Bong knows better than to deliver a lecture. Instead, he wants nails chewed to the cuticle and armrests bent, achieving such reactions with magnificent editorial flow.	November 21, 2019
Andrew Wyatt	fresh	The Lens	Parasite attests to a filmmaker at the peak of powers, telling precisely the story he wants to tell in a way that showcases his distinctive virtuosity.	November 21, 2019
John Anderson	fresh	America Magazine	It is a sitcom with teeth and haunting moral echoes, no small amount of vulgarity and a smart streak of comedy.	November 20, 2019
Edwin Arnaudin	fresh	Asheville Movies	Bong packs his frames with visual symbolism that speaks to contemporary times and writes characters on both sides of the economic divide that feel relatable and well-rounded.	November 20, 2019
Alan French	fresh	We Bought a Blog	There's little doubt that Parasite earns the title of masterpiece, and will only grow in the public consciousness for decades to come.	November 20, 2019
Susan Granger	fresh	SSG Syndicate	Bong Joon-ho's suspenseful, timely thriller that's perhaps one of the best movies of the year.	November 18, 2019
Sarah Knight Adamson	fresh	Sarah's Backstage Pass	The film is sarcastically brilliant, hysterical, clever, and frenzied. The cinematography is glorious! My advise, go in not knowing the details!	November 17, 2019
Tim Brennan	fresh	About Boulder	There's not a doubt in my mind that Parasite is one of the best films of 2019, if not the best film of the year.	November 17, 2019
Eileen Jones	fresh	The Jacobin	I'm still in considerable pain from watching Parasite, days later. It's that great of a film.	November 16, 2019
Monica Reid	fresh	Far Out Magazine	With Parasite, Bong Joon-Ho has produced a brilliant social commentary, and what might well be the best film of 2019.	November 15, 2019
Diane Carson	fresh	KDHX (St. Louis)	As with his earlier works... [director Joon-ho Bong] embeds a biting social critique in a dynamic narrative with unexpected risks and satisfying surprises.	November 15, 2019
Michael Calleri	fresh	Niagara Gazette	South Korean director Bong Joon-Ho's "Parasite" contains everything that's exciting about his films: a grand fluidity of camera movements and a framing of shots that makes you look into corners just in case something's lurking. B	November 14, 2019
Brad Keefe	fresh	Columbus Alive	A twisty and uproarious thriller, "Parasite" packs a ton of entertainment around some sharp and timely social satire.	November 11, 2019
Eric D. Snider	fresh	Crooked Marquee	A scathing satire-farce-tragedy-horror... You might not like where it goes, but you certainly won't forget it.	November 11, 2019
Chris Knight	fresh	National Post	Bong leads us into this realm slowly and expertly, often relying on an eclectic soundtrack - opera one moment, a jazzy all-drums set the next - to carry us forward.	November 9, 2019
Jeff Simon	fresh	Buffalo News	Parasite is a great film all right. It is not, I think, to be missed by anyone who seriously cares about movies.	November 8, 2019
David Nusair	fresh	Reel Film Reviews	Filmmaker Bong does a superb job of immediately drawing the viewer into the deliberately-paced proceedings...	November 8, 2019
Louisa Moore	fresh	Screen Zealots	One of the most intriguing, intelligent, and disturbing films of the year.	November 7, 2019
Elaine Cho	fresh	Mediaversity Reviews	Parasite exudes cultural specificity, with deep cuts to Korean headlines and reality TV shows.	November 7, 2019
Sergi Snchez	fresh	Fotogramas	It's difficult to find a recent movie that defines in such a visual way, through domestic architecture, the perverse mechanisms of domination of neoliberal capitalism. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 7, 2019
Jeff York	fresh	Creative Screenwriting	Bong Joon Ho has not only delivered one of 2019's very best movies, but the symbolism he's woven throughout the picture is some of the finest placed on film in years.	November 7, 2019
Rachel Wagner	fresh	rachelsreviews.net	The writing is fantastic, as well as the acting, production design and score	November 6, 2019
Frank Swietek	fresh	One Guy's Opinion	A trenchant commentary on the economic divide that exists in today's South Korea, one made all the keener by Bong's ability to meld elements of comedy, satire, suspense and horror...one of the year's best films.	November 6, 2019
Karl Delossantos	fresh	Smash Cut Reviews	Parasite very much takes place in our world. Perhaps a slightly heightened version of it, but ours nonetheless. Mixing that with his usual dark humor and oddly specific characters, Bong Joon-ho has created an experience like no other.	November 6, 2019
Rick Kisonak	rotten	Seven Days	This is by far the filmmaker's most commercially successful work to date. Getting fat off a fractured fairy tale about class, Bong acts like a parasite here if anyone does. He's better than that. So are you.	November 6, 2019
Cate Young	fresh	The Muse/Jezebel	Parasite is unique in its treatment of class and solidarity and is a singular cinematic experience.	November 6, 2019
Kiko Martinez	fresh	San Antonio Current	A meticulously crafted, satirical thriller that proves to be [Bong Joon] Ho's most thematically rich project to date.	November 6, 2019
Chris Stuckmann	fresh	ChrisStuckmann.com	Parasite is a beautiful movie, wonderfully acted, impeccably shot.	November 6, 2019
A.O. Scott	fresh	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	What makes "Parasite" the movie of the year - what might make Bong the filmmaker of the century - is the way it succeeds in being at once fantastical and true to life, intensely metaphorical and devastatingly concrete.	November 5, 2019
Caillou Pettis	fresh	Battle Royale With Cheese	Parasite is a wholly riveting experience with an astonishingly gripping story that is rich with complex themes, developed characters, and brilliant direction.	November 5, 2019
Tim Brayton	fresh	Alternate Ending	A bit overlong at 132 minutes, but generally so kinetic and vivacious that it never once feels boring.	November 5, 2019
Nate Adams	fresh	The Only Critic	Bong Joon-ho's wild 'Parasite' is 2019's first real masterpiece	November 4, 2019
Matt Ward	fresh	Cinematic Considerations	A contender for the best film of the decade, Parasite is a thrilling, absolute masterpiece from one of the world's greatest auteur directors.	November 4, 2019
Marta Sanz	fresh	El Pais (Spain)	Do not miss this movie, it's a love song to the cinema. [Full Review in Spanish]	November 4, 2019
Adam Graham	fresh	Detroit News	It's a fitting movie for our times, and Joon-ho delivers with uncompromising clarity and vision. See it before the inevitable American remake sands down all its razor sharp edges.	November 3, 2019
James Berardinelli	fresh	ReelViews	Just as many of the director's previous efforts have defied pigeonholing, Parasite delights in ping-ponging from one genre to another, defying expectations along the way.	November 3, 2019
John Urbancich	fresh	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	Joon-ho makes it all increasingly funny at first, until an out-of-nowhere twist sends both families into a sparkling but serious assortment of genre-mixed rides and wrinkles.	November 2, 2019
Evan Dossey	fresh	Midwest Film Journal	A once-a-decade social satire masterpiece.	November 2, 2019
Annlee Ellingson	fresh	L.A. Biz	A thriller of the domestic variety -- with a playful sense of humor, startling twists and turns, and keen examination of class.	November 1, 2019
Don R. Lewis	fresh	Hammer to Nail	Parasite is a brilliant film and one of the best films of the year, and not just best foreign films. It's heartfelt and funny. Mean spirited and sad.	November 1, 2019
Paula Farmer	fresh	culturevulture.net	Just when you thought a Bong Joon-ho movie couldn't get more weird or wonderful, he delivers a masterpiece.	November 1, 2019
Ryan Syrek	fresh	The Reader (Omaha, NE)	The bassline of modern art is thumping and pulsating with a fury about inequality. Often, that sound gets understandably but simplistically distilled into "rich bad, poor good" messaging. Parasite absolutely defies a quick synthesizing of its message.	November 1, 2019
Rob Thomas	fresh	Capital Times (Madison, WI)	Which family is the real parasite, feeding off the other, is a provocative question that lingers long after the movie's ended and our heart rates have returned to normal.	November 1, 2019
Sandy Schaefer	fresh	ScreenRant	Funny, disturbing, and heartbreaking all at once, Parasite finds Joon-ho in top form as a storyteller, delivering a film like no other this year.	November 1, 2019
Sean P. Means	fresh	The Movie Cricket	"Parasite" is entertaining and shocking, a thought=provoking examination of class differences that shifts effortlessly from comedy to social commentary to something approaching horror.	November 1, 2019
Roxana Hadadi	fresh	Pajiba	Bong Joon Ho's Cannes winner Parasite is a fantastically dark, horrendously bleak portrait of classist indoctrination.	October 31, 2019
Peter Canavese	fresh	Groucho Reviews	Wild-ride entertainment that's by turns funny, squirmy, horrifying, and poignant, all in service of a zeitgeist-y story of working-class frustration...boiling over in ways the blithely wealthy can no longer ignore.	October 31, 2019
Hope Madden	fresh	Columbus Underground	Every time you think you've pinned this film down-who's doing what to whom, who is or is not a parasite-you learn it was an impeccably executed sleight of hand.	October 30, 2019
Kristian M. Lin	fresh	Fort Worth Weekly	Seals a serious case for Bong Joon-ho as one of the great filmmakers of all time.	October 30, 2019
Tom Santilli	fresh	Movie Show Plus	The latest film from Bong Joon Ho is funny, thrilling and poignant, and is a must-see for anyone looking to fill out their Best of 2019 scorecards.	October 30, 2019
Guillem Martinez Oya	fresh	Cinematismo	A movie about how the capital invades our lifes and our private spaces. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 30, 2019
Jared Mobarak	fresh	Jaredmobarak.com	A wild ride [where] privilege and exploitation prove to be traits that are at once synonymous and adversarial depending on who wields which and upon whom.	October 30, 2019
Dan Murrell	fresh	Screen Junkies	Parasite is a must-watch in order to get a full picture of the world cinema scene in 2019.	October 30, 2019
Eleanor Ringel Cater	fresh	Saporta Report (Atlanta)	Perhaps the greatest compliment one can pay "Parasite" is you're never sure what's going to happen next.	October 29, 2019
Joe Friar	fresh	The Victoria Advocate	The con is on in this masterful tale from South Korean director Bong Joon-ho. Filled with twists and turns executed to a tee by the superb cast. Bong and co-writer Han Jin-won easily deliver the best original screenplay of the year. Flawless.	October 29, 2019
Carlos Boyero	fresh	El Pais (Spain)	For a good while, you think that you are in a rare comedy and in the end you discover that it has become a bitter parable. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 28, 2019
Zhuo-Ning Su	fresh	Awards Daily	It is breathtaking to observe how Bong juggles the many different tones and themes in one, masterful piece of screenwriting.	October 28, 2019
Vctor Lpez G.	fresh	Espinof	A single piece that touches deep into the heart, exciting, marveling, and shivering as only masterpieces can do. [Full review in Spanish]	October 28, 2019
Ignacio Navarro	fresh	El antepenltimo mohicano	Bong designs a structure where the targeted layers are not so much the final objective... but the wrapping of a story of intrigue where the details of the sequences and the rhythm with which they happen are more important. [Full review in Spanish]	October 28, 2019
Max Weiss	fresh	Baltimore Magazine	Parasite is stuffed with everything-gorgeous architecture, beautiful people, shocking violence, ingenious twists, wicked humor, and clear-eyed social commentary.	October 28, 2019
Christopher Llewellyn Reed	fresh	Film Festival Today	We are all trapped by the system, though some of us are trapped in gilded cages, whiles others live among the rats.	October 28, 2019
Roger Moore	fresh	Movie Nation	An amusing and scathing social satire that will resonate from Seoul to Syracuse, Helsinki to Hong Kong, one of the great films of 2019.	October 27, 2019
Martin Tsai	fresh	Critic's Notebook	With "Parasite," Bong Joon-ho gives the "Upstairs, Downstairs" premise a long-overdue update.	October 27, 2019
Michelle Kisner	fresh	The Movie Sleuth	Timely in its class divide critique, Parasite balances dark satire with heartwarming family dynamics.	October 26, 2019
Jonathan W. Hickman	fresh	Daily Film Fix	"Parasite" is a timely commentary about our era of the classist "gig" economy, in which the transactional overcomes decency and humanity.	October 26, 2019
Lisa Trifone	fresh	Third Coast Review	Parasite boasts one of the most pitch-perfect ensembles of recent memory.	October 26, 2019
Andrew J. Salazar	fresh	Geeks of Color	The fact that it manages to blend dark comedy and suspense while also being accompanied by unforgettable crisp visuals makes it stand out from most films released within years.	October 25, 2019
Julie Crawford	fresh	North Shore News (Vancouver, B.C.)	A standing ovation to cinematographer Kyung-pyo Hong, who also lensed the visually impressive Snowpiercer, for setting the perfect tone.	October 25, 2019
David Poland	fresh	Movie City News	Bong Joon Ho shifts style from one genre to the next throughout the film, but always finds the universal humanity that brings the audience in for more than just laughs and thrills.	October 25, 2019
Martin Thomas	fresh	Double Toasted	It's just so rare to get a movie that actually surprises you these days...	October 25, 2019
Korey Coleman	fresh	Double Toasted	There was so much going on, and all of it came together for one sensible thing...this is the kind of stuff Hollywood makes because they can't make it for themselves.	October 25, 2019
Sadaf Ahsan	fresh	Nashville Scene	A masterful commentary on class, Parasite issues a new guideline for contemporary horror.	October 25, 2019
Jaime Fa de Lucas	fresh	Culturamas	There's no doubt that the idea is interesting and brings about ingenious and really funny scenes. [Full review in Spanish]	October 25, 2019
Adam Kempenaar	fresh	Filmspotting	[The Park's] garage door is the curtain, the grand window looking out from the living room onto the yard is the proscenium, and everything that occurs within its reflection is this symbiotic tragicomedy...	October 25, 2019
Robert Horton	fresh	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	You don't want to know too much about it in advance. Parasite unfolds in such a surprising way that watching it work on an audience - through levels of delight, shock and disbelief - is part of the fun.	October 25, 2019
Robert Denerstein	fresh	Denerstein Unleashed	Parasite plumbs the depths of class divisions and personal delusion, as well as the fragility of a social order that seems secure.	October 25, 2019
Eric Eisenberg	fresh	CinemaBlend	Taking on the disturbingly universal issue of class disparity, the filmmaker has crafted not just a brilliantly sharp and cutting satire, but also what unfurls as a shocking and dramatic thriller with more than a few surprises up its sleeve.	October 25, 2019
Chase Whale	fresh	ChaseWhale.com	Bong Joon-Ho's Lunatic Must-See New Film is His Best and Most Bonkers	October 25, 2019
Jasmyne Keimig	fresh	The Stranger (Seattle, WA)	The resulting film offers an at turns hilarious and deeply unsettling look at class and survival, its essence echoed in the environments the characters inhabit.	October 24, 2019
Prairie Miller	rotten	WBAI Radio	A condescending, pessimistic portrayal of human nature, bereft of class consciousness or ideology...	October 24, 2019
Bill Goodykoontz	fresh	Arizona Republic	It's a nearly perfect film, from Bong's masterful use of framing and visual language and control of a wildly shifting tone to the performances (all terrific) to the commentary on class division.	October 24, 2019
Richard Whittaker	fresh	Austin Chronicle	The entire cast is prepared to make the family unlikable at some level, but this should be a starmaking turn for Park So-dam. Her performance as Ki-jeong and her alter ego, Jessica the art student from Chicago, is raw, caustic genius.	October 24, 2019
Rubin Safaya	fresh	Cinemalogue	The cleverness of PARASITE unfolds in slight deviations from what we expect... Mistakes, misperceptions, and misunderstandings accumulate, like heavy rains at the bottom of a long staircase-a drip, a drizzle, a torrent, a deluge.	October 24, 2019
Preston Barta	fresh	Denton Record-Chronicle	A crazy game of poker. It'll keep you on your toes and will have you hunkering down like a moth to a flame.	October 24, 2019
Nathanael Hood	fresh	Unseen Films	It's a film specifically about false surfaces (both figurative and literal), confidence games, and lies.	October 24, 2019
Grace Randolph	fresh	Beyond the Trailer	Like Joker, Parasite brilliantly explores the haves vs the have nots and how it's becoming an explosive situation. A masterful piece of filmmaking by Bong Joon Ho.	October 23, 2019
Quim Casas	fresh	Sensacine	Fun and unsettling. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 23, 2019
Chris Sawin	fresh	Bounding Into Comics	Parasite is deliciously mischievous and a masterwork of pure and utter deceit with a mesmerizing conclusion that leaves you breathless and reflective.	October 23, 2019
Federico Furzan	fresh	Cinelipsis	One of the year's best films. Parasite is a fascinating commentary on society's worst features. [Full review in Spanish].	October 23, 2019
Ken Eisner	fresh	Georgia Straight	Parasite radically shifts tones over its wildly entertaining two-hour-plus running time.	October 23, 2019
Cary Darling	fresh	Houston Chronicle	"Parasite" may be the work that makes (Bong Joon-ho) more of a household name. Many of the best elements from his previous films are on display here, and if there's one film that should serve as an introduction to his style, it's this one.	October 23, 2019
Sean Burns	fresh	The ARTery	Bong Joon Ho makes genre movies about ideas. His films turn ideology into action, and every shot in 'Parasite' is some sort of argument.	October 23, 2019
Kelly Vance	fresh	East Bay Express	Parasite is an appropriately enigmatic title for a satire that cuts both ways.	October 23, 2019
Linda and Al Lerner	fresh	Movies and Shakers	Beautiful! Brutal! and Brilliant! This Korean comedy thriller is more like two films in one. Director Bong Joon-Ho (Snowpiercer) has carefully thought out this clever take on the haves and have-nots that we'll call US Plus!	October 23, 2019
Josh Larsen	fresh	LarsenOnFilm	...like Shoplifters' ugly twin brother, who's kept hidden in the basement.	October 22, 2019
Siddhant Adlakha	fresh	Slashfilm	A deliciously twisted thriller-comedy akin to a home invasion flick, filled to the brim with meaning and dripping with directorial mastery.	October 22, 2019
Reuben Baron	fresh	CBR	It gives you a lot to think about, with no clear heroes and extreme moral ambiguity.	October 22, 2019
Matt Oakes	fresh	Silver Screen Riot	[Joon-ho]'s a master of his craft, accounting for the most minute of details while making it look like almost no work at all. His films exert a cool casualness despite their often complicated webs of plots and chameleon-esque tone.	October 22, 2019
Ray Pride	fresh	Newcity	Economic disparity may be the greatest subject of the twenty-first century for intimate horror.	October 22, 2019
Jazz Tangcay	fresh	Awards Daily	Joon-ho is an excellent filmmaker and this might just be his piece-de-resistance.	October 21, 2019
Christy Lemire	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	This is the best movie of the year... A tonal marvel.	October 21, 2019
Wade Major	fresh	FilmWeek (KPCC - NPR Los Angeles)	An absolutely extraordinary achievement on every conceivable level, even though I think it's a bit of a cheat.	October 21, 2019
Stephen Silver	fresh	Broad Street Review	It's an ingenious satire of class that goes to some shockingly dark places. But it's also so, SO funny, finding humor in all sorts of places that the movies rarely do	October 21, 2019
Moira MacDonald	fresh	Seattle Times	You'll watch knowing you're in the hands of a master filmmaker...	October 21, 2019
Clint Worthington	fresh	The Spool	It's pure-strain Bong all the way through, surprising and unsubtle in all his appealing glory.	October 20, 2019
Chris Feil	fresh	Filmmixtape	Surprising in its observations and developments, the film is has all the makings of one destined for rewatch and deeper examination in perpetuity - a film with the power to continue to reveal things about how we interact and how we survive.	October 19, 2019
Michael Phillips	fresh	Chicago Tribune	"Parasite" expresses consequential ideas that matter to the filmmaker about the way we live today, and the prejudice and malice we create for ourselves and others.	October 19, 2019
Marianna Neal	fresh	Impression Blend	Let's just get this out of the way: Parasite is the best film of 2019.	October 19, 2019
Ben Sachs	fresh	Chicago Reader	Throughout, the director's camerawork and mise en scene are impressively subtle, carefully parsing out information about characters and setting to force viewers to stay alert to the tiniest details.	October 19, 2019
Richard Roeper	fresh	Chicago Sun-Times	One of the best movies of 2019, Bong Joon Ho's latest is a film of dramatic power, innovative comedy, romantic poetry and melancholy beauty.	October 19, 2019
Luke Parker	fresh	We Got This Covered	One of the year's best, Bong Joon Ho's Parasite is an absurdly masterful dissection of division and greed, and a thunderously assorted filmgoing experience.	October 19, 2019
Anne Brodie	fresh	What She Said	Scathingly brilliant, satirical and exquisitely frenzied.	October 18, 2019
Tom Meek	fresh	Cambridge Day	By returning to familiar themes and family values, Bong has again latched on to the collective mindset with a touch and a tease of the outr.	October 18, 2019
Ty Burr	fresh	Boston Globe	"Parasite" isn't really a monster movie. Yet on at least one of its nearly infinite levels it is - and the monsters are us.	October 18, 2019
Stuart Klawans	fresh	The Nation	Having dramatized the struggle of rich versus poor in wildly lurid terms, he brings the conflict to its dreadful conclusion with the simplest, smallest, most everyday gesture possible.	October 17, 2019
E. Tammy Kim	fresh	The Nation	Parasite is a marvelously tense, propulsive film of sharp angles, smells, and cold light.	October 17, 2019
Pat Padua	fresh	The DC Line	Like a blood-sucking creature that can't let go, the movie is patient and relentless, but unlike its namesake, this "Parasite" is hilarious, gory and, in the end, moving.	October 17, 2019
Mark Dujsik	fresh	Mark Reviews Movies	The hilarious, thrilling, and thought-provoking Parasite is a master class of tone control.	October 17, 2019
Alan Zilberman	fresh	Washington City Paper	All of its elements-the natural performances, dense plotting, and staggering political implications-coalesce into an undeniably provocative whole.	October 17, 2019
Pat Mullen	fresh	That Shelf	Few films tap into the cultural zeitgeist as brilliantly and originally as Parasite does.	October 17, 2019
Kyle Turner	fresh	Paste Magazine	As we watch both families act in different, but intersecting, pieces of social/anthropological theatre, Bong [Joon-ho] cuts through their mutual hunger, and what ultimately and tragically separates them, with a jaundiced eye and an acidic sense of humor.	October 17, 2019
Peter Sobczynski	fresh	eFilmCritic.com	A one-of-a-kind combination of keenly felt drama and sly social satire that is already a master class in contemporary filmmaking before it shifts narrative gears in ways that need to see to be believed.	October 17, 2019
Jana Monji	fresh	Pasadena Weekly	Expect some blood and a surprisingly poignant ending.	October 17, 2019
Oliver Jones	fresh	Observer	Bong... harnesses the precise anxieties everyone of us is currently sharing-top of that list, the growing income gap and the crumbling planet-and uses them to make every scene in this blackhearted comic thriller crackle with energy and purpose.	October 17, 2019
Mick LaSalle	fresh	San Francisco Chronicle	Bong Joon-ho's latest masterpiece and the best film I've seen so far this year...	October 16, 2019
Jim Slotek	fresh	Original Cin	Gloriously amoral tale of an unscrupulous poor family that connives its way into the mansion of a rich, gullible clan is very funny and very dark. Sure-handed and sly, with a moral compass that wavers as the tables turn	October 16, 2019
Joshua Brunsting	fresh	The CriterionCast	Bong takes this battle between classes and one family's attempt to take that much craved next step up the economic ladder, and twists it into a fun house thrill ride.	October 16, 2019
Hau Chu	fresh	Washington Post	Much like the Kims, a viewer can get lulled into luxuriating in the superficial details of the film. But it's what's lurking below the surface that will stay with you long after the movie is over.	October 15, 2019
Ela Bittencourt	fresh	Nylon	Bong harnesses the torment that capitalist greed, deregulation, and gaping inequality have unleashed across the world, making Parasite's dystopian vision ring universally true.	October 15, 2019
Manzanares de la Rosa	fresh	The Young Folks	Parasite is the most powerful, most important, most essential film of 2019, a perfect distillation of style and substance, an ideal conclusion for such an amazing decade for Asian cinema.	October 14, 2019
Rich Cline	fresh	Shadows on the Wall	Bong [Joon-ho] plays merrily with the narrative, spinning it in ways that add clever observations on the themes while deepening characters and keeping the audience both amused and unnerved.	October 14, 2019
Alci Rengifo	fresh	Entertainment Voice	"Parasite" combines dark humor, social commentary and domestic thriller elements to explore the vicious class divisions in South Korea. Like few recent films it not only captures social relations in its country of origin, but anywhere in the world.	October 14, 2019
Nestor Bentancor	fresh	Nestor Cine Desde Hollywood	Bong Joon Ho dazzles your senses and infects your mind with a delicious concoction of artful entertainment that delivers a poignant cinematic experience. [Full review in Spanish]	October 14, 2019
Kent Turner	fresh	Film-Forward.com	An unmistakable crowd pleaser ... featuring a linear steel trap of a script.	October 14, 2019
Avi Offer	fresh	NYC Movie Guru	A triumph of directing, writing, cinematography and acting. It's destined to become an all-time classic that will be discussed and analyzed for many years to come. Believe the hype.	October 13, 2019
Laura Clifford	fresh	Reeling Reviews	Cinematographer Kyung-pyo Hong's ("Mother") camera often pans in a vertical motion, emphasizing the upstairs downstairs elements of Bong's story... one of the year's most entertaining movies.	October 12, 2019
Rachel Syme	fresh	The New Republic	What starts out as a fantasy becomes a family's struggle with their place in a global framework designed to keep them down. They realize that getting out of the basement will require more than a few agile maneuvers.	October 11, 2019
Scott Nye	fresh	Battleship Pretension	Bong Joon-ho's latest film is virtually everything one could desire in a contemporary film.	October 11, 2019
EJ Moreno	fresh	Flickering Myth	There's not many movies this year as sleek and polished as Parasite. An absolute delight to watch with Bong Joon Ho proving himself to be a masterful director again.	October 11, 2019
Alan Ng	fresh	Film Threat	Parasite is a brilliant film and for a thriller, it's absolutely unpredictable...	October 11, 2019
Matthew Lucas	fresh	The Dispatch (Lexington, NC)	Bong masterfully blends these divergent genre elements into one wildly original whole, crafting an incisive indictment of income inequality and the wide gulf between the classes that is as bitterly funny as it is achingly sad.	October 11, 2019
Jeffrey M. Anderson	fresh	Common Sense Media	South Korean filmmaker Bong Joon-ho already has an impeccable track record, but he's stepped up his game with this brilliant, powerfully revealing social satire.	October 11, 2019
Kurt Loder	fresh	Reason Online	A very wild ride, and maybe Bong's best...	October 11, 2019
Terence Johnson	fresh	Le Noir Auteur	Bong Joon-ho has crafted one of the funniest comedies, most bristling class takedowns, creepiest thrillers, and contemplative films of the year.	October 11, 2019
Armond White	rotten	National Review	Bong is an unfunny extremist. In Parasite, he annihilates the concept of the nuclear family by setting a brood of lower-class con artists against an upper-class family unit.	October 11, 2019
Danielle Solzman	fresh	Solzy at the Movies	Parasite may just be the most entertaining genre-bender of the year but more than this, the film brings a fascinating approach to class.	October 11, 2019
David Edelstein	fresh	New York Magazine/Vulture	What keeps you rapt in Parasite is the visual wit - every shot distills the movie's themes - and the richness of the characters and performances...	October 11, 2019
Anthony Lane	fresh	New Yorker	Bong, in short, is a merchant of stealth.	October 11, 2019
Leonard Maltin	fresh	leonardmaltin.com	This is the best movie I've seen this year. What begins as a clever social satire about the haves and have-nots in our world morphs into an ingenious (and violent) thriller with endless story twists.	October 11, 2019
Rob Dean	fresh	Bullz-Eye.com	There may not be such a thing as a perfect film, but Parasite comes incredibly close.	October 11, 2019
Anne Cohen	fresh	Refinery29	It's exhilarating, unexpected and, frankly, wild.	October 11, 2019
Joe Morgenstern	fresh	Wall Street Journal	Imagine a high-wire act where the acrobat suddenly leaps to a higher wire, then to another that's higher still. It's the best way I can think of to describe the giddy thrill of watching Parasite, a masterpiece of serial surprises.	October 11, 2019
Thelma Adams	fresh	AARP Movies for Grownups	Nimble, funny, complex and heartbreaking, Parasite is a stinging indictment of economic inequality.	October 11, 2019
Mark Kennedy	fresh	Associated Press	Bong's trademark slapstick is still here but the rough edges of his often too-loud lessons are shaved down nicely and his actors step forward	October 10, 2019
Morgan Rojas	fresh	Cinemacy	An arthouse masterpiece, a strong contender for the best film of 2019.	October 10, 2019
Dana Stevens	fresh	Slate	Maybe the best film Bong has yet made...	October 10, 2019
Dave Calhoun	fresh	Time Out	This is a dazzling work, gripping from beginning to end, full of big bangs and small wonders.	October 10, 2019
Jeva Lange	fresh	The Week	In terms of sheer enjoyment alone, Parasite delivers. The movie is as darkly funny as its director, and even with a runtime just on the far side of two hours, it never loses its momentum.	October 10, 2019
Vincent Mancini	fresh	FilmDrunk	A light farce that gradually transforms into an urgent class parable, getting exponentially more compelling moment by moment. Possibly Bong's best, and certainly one of the best of the year.	October 10, 2019
David Sims	fresh	The Atlantic	All the viewer knows is that Bong is telling a story about humans, which means it can be a perfect comedy until it becomes a tragedy.	October 10, 2019
Rendy Jones	fresh	Rendy Reviews	As I left the theater, the first words that were uttered under my breath was, "Oh, so this is what Cinema feels like?"	October 10, 2019
Manohla Dargis	fresh	New York Times	Bong has some ideas in "Parasite," but the movie's greatness isn't a matter of his apparent ethics or ethos... but of how he delivers truths, often perversely and without an iota of self-serving cant.	October 10, 2019
Jeanne Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	This is a uniquely entertaining movie --- one that you can't stop thinking about long after leaving the theater.	October 10, 2019
David Kaplan	fresh	Kaplan vs. Kaplan	The ever-suspenseful PARASITE keeps us guessing throughout. ..one of 2019's best-conceived movies.	October 10, 2019
Stephanie Zacharek	fresh	TIME Magazine	It tells a story you could probably follow without subtitles, or any dialogue at all: the faces of these actors show with piercing clarity how it feels to be outsiders in a world of wealth and privilege.	October 10, 2019
Joey Magidson	fresh	Hollywood News	Cinematic perfection doesn't come around often. When it does, it's essentially to take notice. "Parasite," from top to bottom, is a perfect film.	October 10, 2019
John Nguyen	fresh	Nerd Reactor	[Parasite] is a crazy, intense, twisted, and dark movie.	October 9, 2019
Katie Walsh	fresh	Tribune News Service	"Parasite" is Bong's most sophisticated film to date, expertly plotted with breathtaking reveals, and shot with a smooth, slippery sheen, each frame and camera movement communicating a subconscious plot twist or theme.	October 9, 2019
Peter Travers	fresh	Rolling Stone	Let's just say it: the South Korean auteur Bong Joon Ho is some kind of genius and he tops himself with 'Parasite'-it's explosive filmmaking on every level and one of the cinema high points of 2019 . You won't know what hit you.	October 9, 2019
Harvey S. Karten	fresh	Big Apple Reviews	Class warfare among two South Korean families is treated with both comedy and horror in Bong's latest picture.	October 9, 2019
Pete Hammond	fresh	Deadline Hollywood Daily	Bong Joon Ho's Cannes Film Festival winner is a flat out masterpiece.	October 9, 2019
Carla Renata	fresh	The Curvy Film Critic	Brilliantly crafted film delving full on into social class, racism within the race with a delicious twist in the final act make Parasite a must-see!	October 9, 2019
Fausto Ponce	fresh	Proceso	Parasite is loaded with good performances and memorable characters that go from anecdotal to social radiography. [Full Review in Spanish]	October 8, 2019
Brian Truitt	fresh	USA Today	"Parasite" attaches to you and doesn't let go.	October 8, 2019
Aaron Neuwirth	fresh	We Live Entertainment	Parasite is a real gem	October 8, 2019
Juan Barquin	fresh	Miami New Times	Parasite navigates human morality in an interesting way that is not dissimilar to Patricia Highsmith's stories.	October 7, 2019
Katie Rife	fresh	AV Club	If anything, Parasite is a condemnation of choosing to ignore the inconvenient suffering of your fellow human beings, presented in a seres of accomplished visual metaphors that'll make you rethink all sorts of ordinary household objects.	October 7, 2019
Jason Escamilla	fresh	EskimoTV	Best Movie of 2019; Parasite has a unique creative story, characters that feel real, and an underlying message about high and low classes, conveyed thrillingly.	October 6, 2019
Kevin L. Lee	fresh	Film Inquiry	How Bong gets me to gasp, shriek, and laugh within the span of seconds is beyond me. It's a film that you would want to rewatch the second it's over.	October 5, 2019
Jenny Nulf	fresh	Austin Chronicle	Bong Joon-ho, who has consistently played with what the class system means in a modern day South Korea, has finally reached his pinnacle with his latest film, Parasite.	October 4, 2019
Andrew Chan	fresh	4Columns	At the core of this film is an us-vs-them solidarity that makes even its most contrived narrative payoffs reverberate with emotional authenticity.	October 4, 2019
Nick Johnston	fresh	Vanyaland	Parasite is, in fact, a stunning work from one of the cinema's most reliable masters, and it's a film best seen with virgin eyes and ears, knowing as little as possible about its plot, themes or characters.	October 3, 2019
Kyle Smith	fresh	National Review	Far from being melodramatically schematic, it leaves some ambiguity around the edges, raising questions it doesn't necessarily claim to be able to answer.	October 3, 2019
Lauren Humphries-Brooks	fresh	Citizen Dame	By turns hilarious, harrowing, and horrifying, Parasite may well be Bong Joon-ho's best film since Memories of Murder.	October 3, 2019
Rafael Motamayor	fresh	GameSpot	A tragedy of epic proportions that should scheme, con, and scam its way into many "best of" lists by the end of the year.	October 3, 2019
David Crow	fresh	Den of Geek	This is a darkly amusing masterwork about the never-ending tale of two cities. All in one.	October 2, 2019
Edward Douglas	fresh	The Beat	Another fantastically outrageous and weird film ... that continues to show the glory of [Korean] cinema and Director Bong as its master.	October 1, 2019
Alan Cerny	fresh	VitalThrills.com	Bong Joon-ho's Parasite is a masterpiece, and essential viewing for our times.	September 30, 2019
Eric Webb	fresh	Austin American-Statesman	[A] stylish, exquisite knife to the heart of capitalism's cruelties.	September 27, 2019
Diana Cheng	fresh	Asian American Press	What Bong presents with "Parasite" is a scenario provoking the imaginary. The bottom line could well be just the wild wide of pure entertainment.	September 26, 2019
Dennis Schwartz	fresh	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	It's another of Bong's brilliant but hard to label movies.	September 26, 2019
Jonay Armas	fresh	Caimn Cuadernos de Cine	The work of a... true filmmaker. [Full review in Spanish]	September 24, 2019
Sarah Marrs	fresh	Lainey Gossip	Parasite is one of the best films you'll see this year, and certainly the most insane.	September 24, 2019
Kristy Puchko	fresh	Riot Material	Bong Joon-ho's pitch-black comedy Parasite might his masterpiece.	September 20, 2019
Erick Estrada	fresh	Cinegarage	Not being openly fantastical, Parasite first engages us in a basement that could be part of any science fiction movie.[Full Review in Spanish]	September 19, 2019
Andrea Thompson	fresh	A Reel of One's Own	Parasite conjures up images of a creature which takes from a victimized host without a thought of giving or the consequences thereof, but as Joon-ho Bong's latest bit of brilliance unfolds, it's unclear just whom is feeding on whom.	September 18, 2019
Oliver Whitney	fresh	GQ	An exhilarating rollercoaster ride that keeps you guessing at every sharp turn, and by the end, leaves you a bit paralyzed by its magnificence.	September 17, 2019
Rene Sanchez	fresh	Cine Sin Fronteras	A masterpiece in storytelling. Parasite is a dark, twisted and unexpected fable about social injustice. [Full Review in Spanish]	September 16, 2019
Alissa Wilkinson	fresh	Vox	While it's hugely entertaining, Parasite is also thought-provoking. By the time the catharsis arrives, you think you're at the end of the film, but a coda adds a new wrinkle to the whole thing.	September 13, 2019
Shubhra Gupta	fresh	The Indian Express	Parasite is many things rolled into one: a sharply observed satire, black comedy, thriller, tragedy.	September 13, 2019

